
                          Acres of Diamond

---(First Date)-------------------------------------------------------

In the  twentieth year of my  age, I started  to notice my mother as a
woman. Apart from being a lovely mother, her forty-year-old figure had
the slenderness and curves that  any woman would  die for.  As much as
they tried,  the business suits and  conservative dresses  she used to
wear could not hide her fine chest, slender waist, round, tight behind
or her  shapely legs.  Her pretty face and  black hair ware for all to
see, me included.

I was back from the university for the summer with nothing at my hands
but time, and I spent much of it at home. With  time, my mother seemed
to forget how attractive she  was.  I thought  I  would remind her  of
that. Being most of the time at  home, it was  easy for me to help her
around  the house  and throw  her  generous  compliments  whenever the
occasion called for, hoping for the best.

On Saturday  evening, I had no plans.  My father was out somewhere and
my mother was at home,   apparently free, sitting   on a couch in  the
living room. So I took the chance.

"Mom, what do you say, you dress up and we go out and have dinner?"  I
suggested.

"You go ahead, Dino, have some fun and never mind me."

"I am going to have fun but  so are you, Mom."  I said, pulling her to
stand up.  "You  worked all  week long, its  time you  relaxed and had
yourself a good time."  I steered her  towards her bedroom. "Come  on,
Mom, dress up as if you have a  date, while I  do the same, and I will
wait for you here."

She put  on  a pretty dress,  not so   conservative, showing a  little
cleavage, and just a little thigh.

I whistled and  said, "Now you  look almost as  gorgeous as you really
are, let's go."

We took her car,  I was driving. I  took her to a romantic restaurant,
with candles and music. When we entered she said, "This place looks so
romantic."

"I knew you would not like a noisy place." I countered.

We had our romantic  dinner while slow  music played. When a good song
started, I  took  her hand  saying, "May  I have  this dance, milady?"

She was too surprised to  refuse. With my   arms around her waist  and
hers around my neck, we danced.

"I am sure  everyone  here envies me  for  dancing with the  prettiest
lady."  I whispered, being careful not  to  leave her space to develop
any negative thoughts about herself.

"Mom, you are so lovely and beautiful, it's an honor and privilege  to
be with you. I am  very grateful. I want  you to have the best evening
you can. I am so happy when you are. Always take the time to relax and
enjoy yourself and have fun."

"I am so flattered, son. You are so sweet."

"Honey is sweeter," glancing briefly at her lips.

In the course of dancing my hands "accidentally" slipped down her hips
then I quickly "remembered" that I should not do that. I repeated that
for a couple of times, in the last time squeezing her ass just  a bit.
This way I could  safely get the message across that I am attracted to
her without embarrassing her and also paving the way for her to  reply
to my message with a "mistake" of her own.

"Sometimes  for  a second I  forget  that you are   my  mother, I only
remember that I am dancing with a  gorgeous lady. That's how beautiful
you are."

This  leaves no  doubt with  her  about my  feelings,  without risking
rejection or any bad feelings. Now I need to let her know that I am on
top of things and she is safe.

"But I am glad you  are my mother. Because no  other woman can make me
feel this good.  I only hope you feel  as good  as you make me feel. I
feel good because  being  with you for the evening is like having  two
great evenings at the  same time. One great evening  is being  with my
loving mother, and the other is being with my lovely lady.  It's great
to be with you, Mom."

I kissed her a kiss that is difficult to decide  whether it was on the
cheek or on the  neck and whether it was  innocent or not so innocent.
That left  her own  feelings  to decide. And decide   they did as  she
unwittingly pressed her chest against mine just a little bit more than
she should.

So much for  dancing. I thanked her and suggested that she might enjoy
a quiet walk near the lake. She was agreeable.

So we drove to the lake and then had a walk hand in hand. I said,"Most
people would think I am acting a little strangely, but  you know  I am
only trying  to treat you  as good as  you deserve.  Please  pardon my
incompetence and just have fun," dismissing any  suspicions  she might
have and eliciting acceptance for anything I might do later on.

"Oh, don't say that!"

The  lake was beautifully  moonlit, making a  fantastic view with lazy
waves caressing its  surface, so romantic. After a  while I said,  "Do
you know that  you are a little cheated?  But there's nothing I can do
about it."

She looked questionably. I continued,  "Well, we share the same  view,
but you are part of my view, making it so  much more beautiful than it
could be without you."

"Oh, come on, Dino, you are so sweet,"  she replied. "Your company and
sweet words  are really what counts  to me. And if   it makes you feel
better, I am really having a great time."

"Thank  Goodness,"  I  said  as  I  kissed the   palm  of her   hand a
controversial kiss. "That's my greatest reward."

We  walked a little   more near the lake  and  then we  drove home. My
father was still not home, my sister was nowhere to see.

I walked mother to  her bedroom door. "I  just  have had the  greatest
evening ever," I said. "I hope you have enjoyed yours, Mom."

"That was a wonderful evening, Dino, thank you."

"You  deserve the best,  Mom," I replied,  looking into her eyes. Then
slowly  I moved my eyes  down  to her lips,   getting my face slightly
closer to her as I let my lips move the slightest movement in a subtle
hint. Her  lips moved a little  bit more than  mine and her face moved
closer to mine. I took her in my arms and we shared our first explicit
kiss with a little bit of tongue to be both rewarding and promising.

"Good night, Mom,"  I said. "I  hope we  can do  it again next  Friday
night."

"It's a date," she replied. "Good night, Dino."

----------------------------------------------------------------------

---(Second Date)------------------------------------------------------

In the following week,  I followed up  with my help and compliments as
before. I started to stare at her chest, legs  or ass just long enough
for her to notice that I am attracted  to her, but  not long enough to
make her  feel as a sex  object. In this time,  I tried harder to find
occasions to make her feel appreciated as  a human being and a mother,
to keep things balanced, like buying her a gift or showing respect and
earnestness where  desired.  If  we were alone  and  she was  a little
playful, I would pat or grab her ass in a playful way that looked okay
but delivered the message intact.

She was responding to my campaign.  It showed on  the way she dressed,
as her dresses, especially at home,  got shorter and tighter little by
little. I did not keep  it a secret  that I liked that and appreciated
her beauty and her fine taste in dresses and that she started to dress
in a way that does her  more and more justice. As  the days went by, I
would remind  her that today  was Wednesday or   Thursday, to keep her
thinking and anticipating.

The dress  she put on for  Friday night revealed (among  other things)
that she now believed in her beauty and  that she cared about pleasing
me. I left her hanging in anticipation of a compliment as we walked to
the  car silently.  In  the car, she was   ready to  accept anything I
say. "That's a  gorgeous  dress worthy of  the tasteful  and  gorgeous
woman you are," I started. "While it  won't get you arrested for being
too revealing, I may lose control and get us arrested...  Let's have a
good luck kiss." Without giving her a chance to respond, I was picking
up  my first delicious  kiss  of the   evening,  right in the  garage,
setting the norm for  the evening. As  we probed each other's mouth, I
took her right hand  and placed it   on my clothed hardening cock  and
then placed my own  hand over her right tit,  partly covered  with her
thin dress. I  could feel her excited  nipple popping up. It  was only
fair to give  the other tit  the  same treatment.  Then we drove  to a
restaurant,  chatting aimlessly.  Sometimes  I  would stroke her inner
thigh or she would stroke mine.

We exchanged meaningful hints and  gestures throughout dinner. Then  I
took her right hand. I kissed her palm gently, then sucked her fingers
one  by    one, starting by  her  thumb   and ending  with  her little
finger.  Slowly, tantalizingly, I  sucked. Then I formed   a sort of a
slit  with her thumb and  forefinger,  leaving her forefinger sticking
out more than the thumb as it naturally would. I licked around her two
fingers outlining the slit, then flicked my tongue over the tip of her
forefinger. Then  I  licked up and  down   that slit  and occasionally
pressed my tongue between her  fingers. Next, I  closed my lips around
the tip   of her forefinger  and sucked  on it, flicking  my tongue on
it. Then I removed my mouth and rubbed the back of my forefinger along
her two fingers. I gently eased my  forefinger in the slit between her
fingers and moved   it in and out,   repeatedly. All that  time, I was
looking at her face. At first,  she blushed  slightly,  then  her look
gradually turned mischievous.

When I finished, I suggested, "Are we ready for our dance, madam?" Her
answer was not verbal. On  the dance floor, I said,  "As we dance,  we
will continue to soak  your panties more and  more," Sliding my  hands
down to her ass, I continued, "It is exciting, isn't it?"

I  stroked her ass   lightly until it   was time she  felt my  hard-on
against her. I   kneaded her buns  gently  as  she humped against   me
somewhat shyly.

"That guy, while dancing with his girl, he has his eyes fixated on the
hottest ass  around. Shall we  make it worth  his while? After all, it
will help soak  your panties even more!  But we  will  make  the  show
private for him." Saying so, I maneuvered us so that the crowd was now
behind  me and the guy moved around to keep his eyes on the target.

"I will pull your dress up very slowly just to show him a hint of your
panties that will soon be soaked." I proceeded to do just that.

I pulled her dress up some more. "Now he's looking at the back of your
panties as they get wetter and wetter."

"Would it harm if we bunched those  soaked panties into your crack and
let him see more of the beautiful ass that you  must be proud to have,
and prouder to show? It's  obviously  much prettier  than  his date's.
Let's tease  him a little!  Let's let him feel the  envy and teach him
not to look at lovely asses that belong to other men." Humping my dick
must have given her some extra courage  and we did  it. "I am  sure he
wishes that he could put his hands on your soft flesh and squeeze  and
stroke," as I enacted that. "But he only wishes!"

"I think your panties are now  wet enough, shall  we go?" I pulled her
dress back down and we did.

As we drove away, I said, "If you knew what we are  going to do now, I
am sure your wet panties will get even wetter. But probably you should
not know. If your panties got any wetter, they probably will take days
to dry, and they probably will smell  of sex for  ever. Even this wet,
you   will probably not  be  able to get  rid   of the  sex smell they
have. Anyway,  it's a loss  to waste that  sexy smell. I would love to
enjoy that smell any time." I  continued among those lines to maintain
her sexual readiness  until I reached a  secluded spot by the lake. It
was about full moon, the moon rising in the East.

"Of course you can't go  home in soaked panties. We  will take care of
them here." I opened  her door, she  got out of  the car and I let her
bend over the  car  so that  the moon  was  behind her and  she looked
towards the lake. I pulled  her dress up  over her hips and bent over,
sticking my face  between her haunches.  "Oh, baby, that surely smells
good," I took the crotch of her panties between my teeth and sucked on
it, "and  tastes even better."  I pulled her  panties slowly  down her
legs to her knees and kissed the backs of her knees.

Looking at her moon lit moons and legs, I said,  "Needless to say that
the view I  have here is more beautiful  than the one  you are looking
at." The moon lit lake  was gorgeous as  the moon rays danced over the
gentle waves, but not as gorgeous as the ass I admired.

Putting  my  hands on  her  butt cheeks, I remarked,  "So  this is the
pretty ass that guy beat me to  see? Well, but he  can't see it naked,
touch  it, feel it, kiss  it, smell it and do   wild things to it like
me."

I  showered the cheeks of  her butt with  kisses.  I dragged my tongue
slowly up her crack from her clit to her tailbone. "Delicious." Then I
spent a few seconds  licking  her juicy  pussy  and  then a  few  more
licking her  soft anus, which twitched  enough at  the touch to signal
its virginity.  I divided my time between  her pussy and ass, starting
with short licks and building up the time to get her virgin asshole to
get used to the attention and relax in  its own time without being too
fast.

"I  like the taste of  your sexy seasoned  pussy  and virginal ass," I
whispered.

I licked  up and down  her sexy crack  some more. "I love your naughty
but   delectable passion flower  and your  virginal but warm rosebud."

As I  licked  away,  occasionally  flicking  her   clit,  I continued,
"Together, we will  experience pleasures we  have never imagined."

As I licked some more, I freed my  hard cock.  I stood  up and  leaned
over her, kissing her on the neck.  I rubbed  my cock up and  down her
pussy, then up and down her crack, whispering, "No,  I am not going to
fuck you... now... you  are not  ready...  and I am   not ready.  I am
only familiarizing my cock with the territory.  I will  still  indulge
myself in eating your sensuous holes. They are delicious." I was still
rubbing my cock over her pussy and ass.

"When we fuck,  we will both be  very ready and  eager we will  not be
able to wait any more." Now  I returned my cock  to its cage and I was
rubbing my fingers gently up  and down her crack, occasionally rubbing
her clit. "You will not be ready before you look  at my cock, hold it,
play  with it." Two fingers  were making their way  in  and out of her
pussy. "Don't you want to touch it, feel it, kiss it,  lick it,  taste
it. Won't you enjoy  sucking it, rolling it  in your mouth." My  slick
fingers were now massaging her anus gently preparing for going in.

"You probably want to taste its leaking juices or take it deep in your
throat.  You will get to do to it whatever you  want. Then I will fuck
your soaked pussy. I want your pussy to be soaked even more than it is
now.  I want you to  make my cock drip with  pussy juices. I will tell
you  why. But  now just enjoy   my  finger massaging your lovely  ass,
making your curious anus relax and delight in pleasure like your pussy
so many times  did, doubling your  pleasure, turning you on more  than
ever. You like  me fingerfucking your responsive  ass, don't you?" She
nodded.

"And my finger loves  fucking your agreeable ass."

"It is so  relaxing and enjoyable  to have your  receptive ass fucked,
and with  two fingers  it will be  even  more so. Your  envious  pussy
is twitching  with voyeuristic excitement  as it watches its next door
neighbor have so much fun."

I  drooled  over her asshole and  gently  worked  the second finger in
along with the first.  I slid them  slowly  in and out, twisting  them
gently. "As your lovely anus relaxes and  enjoys itself more and more,
you can feel  a volcanic orgasm  coming slowly but persistently. As my
fingers fuck  you  confidently to oblivion,    I will fingerfuck  your
twitching, drooling  pussy." I proceeded to do so. 

I maintained  the rhythm of  "fucking her," but started slowly licking
her  pussy instead of  fingering it. I sucked  on  her clit for enough
time and  then proceeded  with  only fingerfucking  her  ass, and  the
orgasm I  promised arrived,  stiffening her  body, making her  asshole
spasm uncontrollably around my   fingers and her pussy  twitch  wildly
gushing fresh juices. She lost her breath, but  I fingered her through
her extended orgasm. Then  I licked off  her  cream off her pussy  and
thighs.

I pulled her dress down, shared a kiss with her  and hoped she enjoyed
it which she admitted she did very much. Then I proceeded to slide her
panties down from her knees and  took them off. "I  would love to keep
these panties," kissing her panties. "Not as a souvenir because I will
never forget  this  night anyway, but   as a treasured gift  from you,
mommy dearest." And I kissed her.  She said it was  okay. We agreed we
did not  have more time and drove  home, setting a  rendezvous for the
next night, Saturday night.

After we shared a concluding kiss, I suggested she go to bed early and
think about what we would do the next night, indicating that we  would
start our evening early to have a lot of time on our hands.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

---(The Night)--------------------------------------------------------

At about six, she was ready. I carried her  in my arms, telling her she
was my bride that night as I picked her on the lips. I told her we were
spending the evening in my room with nothing to distract us.

I poured our drink and we sat on my bed, she on my right, taking turns
to drink from each other's hand.  Before  long we started kissing with
short  kisses.  Each kiss was   longer  and more  passionate that  the
previous one. Soon our hands got involved. I started with a quick pass
over her  thinly covered tits,  just to stiffen  the nipples.  My left
hand crept down her body as her right  crept up my thighs.  Her thighs
parted of their own accord to welcome my hand.  While I  was contented
with stroking  her clothed pussy  gently and  tantalizingly,  she  was
unclothing my cock.

Her lips left mine, heading slowly towards  their new destination. Her
hands slowly but expertly teased my hardening cock. Her fingers gently
stroked my glans. I could feel her hot breath on  my cock. In a matter
of seconds her lips laid the first kiss on the  head of my rigid cock.
Then her tongue toured up and down and around my shaft.

I helped her take  off my pants and briefs.  With her bending over  my
cock, it was awkward for me to stroke her pussy. I arranged her on her
knees on the bed with her butt  sticking up and her knees sufficiently
parted. I resumed  stroking  her pussy lazily  with my left hand  from
beneath her. I flipped  her dress over  her hips and started lazily to
grope her ass and legs with my right hand. She danced  to the  beat of
my hands.

Her lips were making out with my glans, drooling down my shaft. Before
I  knew it, her lips were  pursed around the root of my cock, my glans
past her tonsils. I  gasped and almost lost it  but not quite.  As her
lips slowly made their way up my shaft, I  complimented  her, "Oh, you
are one prize cocksucker, darling mother. I love what you do to me." I
relaxed, assured that I was in for a first class blowjob.

She  took her mouth off  my cock and was down  to my balls,  which she
lavishly licked  and sucked.  She took  her  time,  switching  between
licking my balls and sucking my cock balls deep until I could not take
it  any more and she knew  it.  She started  palming my balls with her
right hand.  Her left hand was wrapped tightly around the bottom of my
shaft, stroking up and down. She slid her  pursed lips up and down the
free part of my cock. When it was time, she pursed her lips around the
tip of  my cock and stroked harder  with her left  hand. I am proud to
say, not  a drop of blasting spunk  could escape  her mouth. After she
sucked me dry, she  continued fucking my softening  cock in and out of
her  mouth until it was  totally limp. She  kissed my cock  and then I
kissed her my deepest appreciation.

I stood  her up and  pulled down her panties with  my teeth.  When she
stepped out of them, I kissed the crotch and put the panties around my
neck.  I stuck my  head between her thighs and  planted a kiss. Then I
picked her up and  deposited her on a  desk,  resting her feet on  two
chairs. I hoisted her dress over her hips to expose her crotch.

Her pussy was  wet with leaking juices. With  my fingertips, I stroked
her pussy lips, rubbing  the moisture around. I  gently ran my fingers
up and down her  crack,  spreading some juices down   to her anus  and
rubbing it in the process. As I continued  to stimulate her, I started
talking with her.

"Now you can get ready for the rest of the evening."

"Oh, yes, eat me out, darling."

"First, I have a surprise for your pussy."

"Oh, yeah? What is that?"

"Your pussy will never be the same."

"How?"

"It  will feel better, become  more sensitive,  even prettier, younger
and more innocent!"

"Oh, no?"

"Oh, yes.  I am going to  shave it bald."  This conversation  took her
mind off what  was happening  and she  was  relaxed to easily take   a
finger all the    way  in her ass,   and  I  was inserting  a   second
one.  "Don't you like  to feel my skin against  yours  with every deep
thrust of my cock in your sexy body? I know your asshole likes it. And
your pussy is  flowing like a  river. Your anus  has already swallowed
two fingers and she  is anxious for  more.  But that will come later."
Saying this, I pulled my  fingers  from her  asshole and  licked  them
slowly in a teasing manner. There was no  need for anything else and I
did not think she was really protesting.

I reduced her pussy  hair to stubble  with an electric shaver, then  I
brought my shaving kit. "You are too wet to require shaving foam but I
will not risk being rough to your invaluable twat." With that I spread
shaving cream all over her crack and started  shaving away from top to
bottom, using a fresh cartridge. I was extra  careful around her lips,
pulling  them with one hand  as I shaved with  the other. Soon she was
totally bald from her tailbone  to her navel.  I wiped the soap with a
towel. Her pussy and asshole were gorgeous. I rubbed her crack  with a
perfumed lotion. I kissed her on the nether lips and held a mirror for
her to see her  new pussy. She  giggled when she  saw it, saying,  "It
looks like a little girl's."

"But much prettier,  more like a pretty nympho's  crack. You will see.
Before I start  my palatable meal,  I  would like  it dressed  with my
favorite sauce." I  started to extract  her sauce and spread it around
all over her pussy and anal area. In no time,  my dinner was ready and
so was I.

I started by  casually licking up  and down  her  pussy  and  asshole.
Sometimes  I would lick  up the outside of her  lips and then down the
inside. Sometimes I would flick  her clit. Sometimes  I would lick her
anus circularly.  Sometimes,  I would stick my  tongue  into her  cunt
to get some juices, or keep licking until the  juices flow outside and
lick them off her pussy lips or leaving them  to collect in  her  anus
and lick them from there. I was not to let her come.

My tongue was going deeper and deeper in her  cunt and in her asshole.
She pulled her legs  up and her  butts apart.  I pushed three  fingers
into her slimy pussy as I teased her  clit with my tongue. Teasing her
clit slowly  only to increase her  desire, I gently  worked  two of my
soaked  fingers into her anus, twisting  them  around. When my fingers
were comfortably  lodged inside her rectum,  I let my drool mixed with
her juices  coast  down to  her  anus where I  was  inserting  a third
finger. It went easily in. I  fucked those three finger  in and out of
her asshole,  twisting them around and  stretching her asshole as much
as I could until I felt her asshole was elastic enough.

"Your hungry asshole is ready for  the ultimate fuck," I said, rubbing
my  now hard cock   up and down  her  clit and  pussy  and around  her
asshole.  "I want  you to come  like  you have  never come before,"  I
continued, rubbing my glans against  her puckered rim. "But first,"  I
said, teasing her pussy lips with my cock. "I  want to fuck your pussy
until it bathes my cock with load after load of fresh pussy juice. But
you can't come. Fucking your pussy will  only make you hornier as your
hungry asshole opens up slowly and gets ready  to swallow my cock. You
will get hornier until  you can't stand it any  more as  your starving
asshole opens wide and gets ready to  wolf down my  entire cock with a
single gulp. Then I am going to give it to you the way you want it.  I
will satisfy your   every lustful need...   after you beg for it.  But
don't you worry at all you will beg for it, but try to withhold it  as
much as you can."

After I finished my prologue, she gasped as I abruptly stabbed my cock
into her soaked  cunt. I fucked in  a teasing manner, taking her  high
then low, and  again, taking her  to the edge but  never over it. "You
are getting hornier,   aren't you? Can  you  feel your little  asshole
itch? Can you feel her open her  mouth in anticipation of breaking her
long  fast? She is  about  ready, isn't she?  When  I pull out of your
pussy, your lustful asshole will swallow my cock in  one gulp. My cock
is nice and slick with  your juices. He is  ready and so are you. It's
about time. Say it if you have to." I swirled my cock  around  in  her
pussy.

"Fuck me," she hissed.

"Where?"

"In my ass."

"In your starving, virginal asshole? Louder, I can't hear you."

"Fuck me in my starving, virginal asshole."

"Your wish  is my command, mother, you  got it."   After a  couple  of
long strokes in her cunt, I pulled out of her and with a single  swift
but gentle stroke I pushed my cock into her relaxed asshole before  it
had the chance to tighten involuntarily. It went balls deep up  her no
longer virgin orifice in the single gulp I readied her for.

I parked my cock  deep in there  and stopped moving. "Your  asshole is
marvelous.  So tight, so  hot, so sexy, so  naughtily lustful! I  love
you." I kissed her on the lips.  "Savor the feeling, the fullness, the
hardness    of  my cock  against the   softness  of  your asshole, the
thickness against the tightness, the lust against the innocence. Enjoy
the most taboo fuck any two people can ever have: your son fucking you
in that  forbidden  grotto his father,  your husband, did not dare  to
touch, but fate saved it  for us. That  joy only a  mother and son can
have. Something you did not  even dare to  dream of.  Feel  your  anus
flutter with  outrageous desire. Squeeze and  relax  your  horny  anus
around my  hard cock, feel him twitch, get used to  him. You  will  be
having him there often from now on. Your hunger will be  satisfied for
ever. Your asshole will radiate happiness and satisfaction into all of
your body... Does it feel good?"

"It feels  greaaaaaaat!" she replied with a  gasp as I  pulled my cock
back and buggered her butt with a few long,  smooth  strokes.  Feeling
her asshole loosen up enough, I pulled out and rubbed my cock  against
her clit to get her anus to tighten. I shoved it again into  her  anus
and gave her a few long strokes, then pulled back  again.  I rubbed it 
against her anal rim until it tightened  and shoved it  back in  for a
few strokes.  I switched  randomly  among  different  anal  breaks  to
tighten her anus between sets of strokes. I licked her clit, lips,  or
asshole or rubbed any of them with my cock or shoved the head into her
cunt or simply had her squeeze her empty anus for a moment or  two.  I
maintained the same fucking rhythm however. The  length  of  each  was
determined by getting to the same degree of anal relaxation.

The first time I fuck any woman in the ass, I start by doing this  for
twenty to thirty minutes and I call it  anal  responsiveness  training
(ART). It gets the woman used to getting her ass penetrated by my cock
naturally and easily. By the end of this, parking my cock at her  anal
opening becomes enough to  get  her  asshole  relaxed  and  ready  for
immediate penetration if lubed. In an ART session, I can give a number
of anal penetrations equivalent to a yearful of average  ass  fucking.
After an ART session, taking my cock in her  ass  will  be  one of the
most natural things to her. So  this  training  can  even  influence a
seasoned ass fuckee  effectively  and make her anus treat  my cock the
way I want it to without her knowing it. If the girl is  not  an  anal
virgin, I will tell her to pretend she is, that it would  be  more fun
this way. And I say  to the  girl  that a  virgin  asshole  should  be
respected, loved, treated gently and  fed  its  first  cock  in  small
doses.

I spent about fifteen minutes of ART with mom on the desk, telling her
among other things, "This pleasure is addictive, but we will always be
there for each other. It is good to get addicted  to extreme pleasure,
because we will always have it, together, like only a mother  and  son
can." We started kissing and I had  my left  hand  behind  her  and my
right  hand stroking  her jiggling titties and pinching her nipples if
I am not taking anal breaks. I then lifted her legs by  the  backs  of
her knees, putting them over my shoulders  and pulled her towards  me,
maintaining the same rhythm, fucking her  ass  nice  and  easy,  every
stroke accompanied by a soft moan of hers. I was looking at her face in
love and appreciation and she was  returning  my look.  "Having  a good
time, you lovely bugger, aren't you?"

I carried her and deposited her on the bed without  taking my cock out
of her.  I resumed fucking her in a missionary style position, kissing
her occasionally,  or egging her on with words. After completing about
half an hour of ART, I leaned backward and pulled her  on  top  of  me
without losing contact. "Be a nice naughty girl and fuck  that lovely,
motherly asshole of yours real good  with your son's hard, thick cock,
will you?"

"Of course, I will," she  said as she  started riding me excitedly. "I
am going to milk you dry!" I took the chance  to  fondle her  bouncing
tits and squeeze her  stiff nipples as I said, "Not before I fuck your
ass senseless." She liked that tried to ride me faster, but I made her
return to my speed because I had something else in mind.

I had her pivot  around my cock and  lie back on my  chest. I held her
and  we turned upside down,  getting her under   me. I spread her legs
with my knees and put  my legs outside  hers. After getting  her  anus
responsive enough to  penetrations,  it  was  time  to  influence  her
excitement and orgasms with the pace  of  anal  fucking,  anal  pacing
training (APT). This takes more time than ART. Keeping the same  pace,
I played with her clit in the same thrusting pace but in a strength to
increase her excitement  as much  as  possible.  A moment  before  she
started her orgasm, knowing by her moans, breathing  and  movements, I
shifted my pace slightly and kept it  throughout her orgasm  and  then
went back to my normal pace. I then pulled out and  swooped  onto  her
asshole, licking and sucking on it  while  I fingered  her  pussy  and
squeezed her clit.

I entered her butt again fucking in the normal pace, playing with  her
pussy to get her to a level slightly below the one before. Then I used
a little fucking to drive her to orgasm and shifted  my  pace  at  the
critical moment. When she finished orgasming I returned to my original
pace. I took a rimming break. I repeated the process  stimulating  her
pussy less and less, and in the fifth time, it took three  minutes  to
make her climax without touching her pussy. She was impressed with the
intensity of her anal orgasms. I let myself go,  flooding  her  bowels
with a torrent of hot spunk. I wanted shifting paces to  be enough  to
get her off and she needed more training  in  the  following  days.  I
continued fucking my  cock into her  ass until it  started  to getting
limp. I shoved it as deep as it could go and kept it there.

We lay there, me on top of her  with my cock  still lodged in her ass.
In a few minutes we regained our breath. I kissed her passionately and
expressed  my happiness and  appreciation of what  we had just shared.
She loved it very much, too. I told her  we would stay like that until
her bowels finished absorbing my spunk, that I  wanted her not to lose
a drop, that I wanted my come to flow in her body, in her veins.

I rubbed my fingers  on her lips and  then gently inserted two fingers
into her  mouth. I slid the fingers  in and out of   her mouth and she
sucked on them.  Nibbling on her ear,  I told her  there was one thing
that could make me  happier. She asked  what that was. I said  licking
her ass and having her lick my anally flavored  cock. She consented. I
pulled  my cock out  of  her ass and licked   and Frenched her asshole
after I Greeked it. Her  asshole was relaxed.  It was easy to slide my
tongue in and out and it tasted good.  I kissed her on the asshole and
left her butt.

I dangled my cock in front of  her face. She  did not hesitate to lick
it all over and  then even she licked  my  balls. She  gave my cock  a
short loving suck. Then we had a deep kiss  and we lay in each other's
arms. I told her I was so happy for being with her and she said so was
she.

After a while I suggested we  shower together before someone came home
and  we  did.  We  soaped  each  other  and  fooled  around  a  little
under the hot water, playfully fondling her tits or my balls and cock.
I soaped  her pussy lips and the inside of her asshole. We dried  each 
other and I carried her to her bed.

I suggested  she go to  bed early and to think  about what we had just
done and what  we would do  the next  day  as she  drifted  to  sleep,
indicating  that she  would call  the shots and  that we would  have a
matinee because she was due to work on Monday. I told her not to  play
with herself but to save her juices for me. I kissed  her  good  night
and went to bed myself.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

---(The Matinee)------------------------------------------------------

We were having brunch on Sunday morning, me, mother, dad and my sister
Anna. I was sitting between my mother and my sister. I felt something,
a hand, crawling up my right thigh. As I the hand reached my crotch, I
noticed mom's left hand missing  from  over  the  table.  She  applied
minimal pressure in stroking the outline  of  my  covered  cock,  but,
nonetheless, it started growing faster than ever. Except for the looks
she gave me to check my state, mom seemed to have an  ordinary  brunch
and the accompanying conversation. Her eyes, when she  looked  at  me,
were not as innocent as they must have  seemed to  dad  or  Anna.  She
would glance at me every time she squeezed my  cock.  I  tried  to  go
around having my meal as usual, but  it  was  not  easy. In  addition,
there was no way I could get up  off  the  table  without  showing  my
hard-on.

I was looking down at my plate, but I guess my  state was  obvious  to
mom. When she thought I was at the edge, she sneaked her hand into  my
shorts and squeezed what must have been a large drop of precome out of
my cock and onto her  thumb.  She  removed  her  hand  as  if  nothing
happened and licked the drop off her thumb without anyone's notice and
left my cock alone. She surely had changed a lot!

About half an hour after brunch, being horny as I was from mom's  act,
I could not miss the way Anna had packaged her butt.  Her  round  butt
was packed in thin blue shorts tight enough to fit her form  perfectly
but not to hinder free fondling. She was standing in the  living  room
when I passed her, coming  from  behind.  I looked  at  her  butt  and
laughed. "What's so funny?" she asked. I said, "Looking at  your  butt
reminded me of an intriguing friend of mine. He spent  half  his  life
laughing and joking. The rest of his life was about women's behinds.

When he spots a young woman with a sexy butt, he would look her in the
eyes and say (looking her in the eyes, and saying it to mean it),  'It
just made my day to see your pair of fuckable  butts,  (looking  away)
Mr. Hart.' He says  complimenting a girl on  her luscious behind makes
her (w)hole tingle and you can see it in her eyes (Anna's face blushed
slightly when her pupils dilated) as she heats up.  If you have a good
response then you are home, Dino.  Be attentive, if it  happens,  this
(squeezing a ripe butt cheek before walking away leaving her  stunned)
is the least you will get from him."

Since this  was  the  first  time  something  like  this  happened, it
impressed her and she stood there for  a while. When she thought I was
gone, she gave her crotch a little squeeze. It was  only a  matter  of
time before I got my wedge  between her  twins.  The  simplest  way to
build upon this progress was to  look at  her butt, or any sexy  gal's
ass, and give her a little  reminding  smile  whenever  appropriate. I
wanted to take my sweet long time about it.

In the early afternoon, mom casually called me to her room. I  entered
the bedroom and could not see her  before  the  door  closed  and  she
appeared behind me. She was wearing a revealing red dress that was  so
tight it colored rather than covered what it hugged. The undersides of
her tits were very defined, her waist and  hips  tightly  hugged.  The
roundness of  her  buttocks  was  obviously  shown  and  the  cleavage
inbetween was coyly seductive. I do not think there was any room under
the dress for any underwear.

I forgot to have a reaction. She guided me to the window  and  invited
me to enjoy the outside view while she prepared something.  She  stood
behind me and started to remind my cock  to  make  a hard-on.  As  she
ground her pelvis against my butt, caressing my cock through my shorts
I relaxed slightly against he soft tits and later I  reached  with  my
hands behind her to knead her cheeks. When the tip of my cock  touched
her lips, I remembered that sometime before that,  she  had  my  balls
hanging down a leg of my shorts and she was licking and sucking  them.
I  had  no  recollection  of my  shorts  leaving  me,  but  I  vaguely
remembered her rubbing my cock  over her  face.  I  did  not  have  to
remember anything I only needed to  enjoy it  which  I could not  help
even I wanted to.

As I ran my fingers through her hair and stroked my cock smoothly  all
the way in and out of her mouth, I  was  getting  more in  touch  with
reality and my hands went about their business. I caressed  her  upper
back and then bent over a little so that I could stroke her  obscenely
clothed tits and feel the nipples try to poke  through  the  confining
fabric.

She peeled down the bodice of her dress to release her tits. While she
nursed on the head of my cock, she held her tits up and  brushed  them
from side to side against the shaft. Then she squeezed them around  my
shaft and rubbed them up and down. I was too busy with other things to
think of fucking her tits before. She looked up at me as she continued
fucking her tits up and down my cock. Every once in a while she  would
give the tip of my cock a little suck. It was very nice to  look  down
at her in that position and it was very enjoyable but I wanted a  real
tit fuck.

"If you would like me to fuck your darling babies good and proper, you
can lie comfortably on the bed where you are supposed to fuck dad  and
let me give it to you thoroughly."

"Sounds good to me," she mumbled before she took my cock into her mouth
and straightened her legs, rising up from her  kneeling  position  and
bending at the waist to keep her head down. She peeled the dress  down
her hips as she sucked gently on my cock and I toyed with her nipples.
Now stark naked, she walked to the bed and lay down and I took off  my
shirt and walked to her.

I gently spread her legs apart and bent them slightly at the knees.  I
laid a warm kiss right on her pussy and then looked at her. "Now  just
let me introduce my self to your titties but I do not want you to come
before I actually have my cock between them and do not come  too  much
even then, it's only the beginning."

I then licked and kissed my way all around her  tits  but  saving  her
nipples for later. As my tongue circled around her aureola, closing in
on her nipple I lazily stroked a finger up and down the  lips  of  her
pussy. I sucked on her nipple gently and unhurriedly, copying the same
rhythm with my finger on her pussy. I felt that her clit was alert and
attentive to what was happening below it, but I ignored it. Then I did
the same to her left nipple, also stroking her pussy. Her moans echoed
my oral and digital ministrations. I then had her squeeze her  titties
together and sucked both her nipples into my mouth.  Next, I  went  to
drool on her inner slopes where my cock would be gliding soon.

We were ready. I straddled her and dipped my cock into her throat  for
added lubrication and then laied it along her cleavage.  She  squeezed
her tits around my cock and I started stroking back and forth  slowly.
I thrust a little faster and more  forward and she stuck  her  tongue
out to lick my cock head on the end of every thrust.  She  was  wildly
excited with this tit fuck. My thrusts pushed  her  tits  towards  her
head and she was able to take the head of my cock into  her  mouth  on
every thrust. She was getting more and more excited and so was I as  I
fucked my cock into her supple flesh. My  strength  and  speed  of  my
thrusts matched her excitement and she was getting  closer  to  a wild
orgasm, me too.

She lost her breath as she sunk into her orgasm and started gasping to
me, "Come on my tits. I want your jizz all over my tits ..." I  waited
until she regained her breath and pulled my cock out of her tit tunnel
and let it spew. She jerked it aiming it on her nipples and tits until
the spurts stopped. She rubbed the spunk all  over  her  tit  flesh. I
rubbed and slapped my softening cock on her tits, then I bent over and
kissed her on the lips. I bit both  of  her  nipples  gently  before I
dangled my cock over her face. She sucked on  it  a  little  and  then
pulled me down on the bed and mounted me in a sixty nine position.

That was a good move. Her pussy juice was  all  over  and  around  her
crack and was starting to dry which means my saliva  would  not dilute
her flavor. I gripped her buttocks, pulling them apart and  licked  in
wide ovals, leaving her holes for later.  Then I flicked her clit with
my tongue to draw more juices from  her cunt. Giving her pussy time to
heat up and drip more juice, I went for  her  anus  dressed  in  pussy
sauce, very tasty. Her moist anus  twitched  and  fluttered  under  my
tongue. I licked it and kissed it until it relaxed and started to open
up as it felt the warmth of passion. I  switched  back  to  suck  some
pussy juice. I kept switching back and for dipping my tongue into  her
cunt then into her ass, maintaining her at the peak of her desire.

Meanwhile, mom was not asleep or passive. She was having her way  with
my cock and balls. Since my cock was limp, she  started  with  rolling
and licking my balls. Then she licked up and down my  sleeping  shaft.
As life crept into my cock, she started to pay more attention  to  its
head. Seeing the progress, she spend some time licking and sucking the
head of my cock. By that time, it was ready for some serious  sucking.
I enjoyed the smooth trips into her adept mouth and down  her seasoned
throat. She enjoyed keeping my cock on its toes. The joy of her  games
almost distracted me from enjoying my own meal. Then, it was time  for
her to enjoy the results of her work in some riding.

She crawled forward and planted her hot pussy  on  my  hard  cock  and
started riding. She leaned a bit forward as she rode  and  pulled  her
buttocks apart. That was enough for my right forefinger to slide in my
mouth and then into her ass, making her get more into it. I fucked  my
finger into her butt in  the same  rhythm she fucked  my cock into her
pussy, but I kept twisting my  finger  in the  process the next finger
could easily join in  and it  did.  Her moans were showing how she was
responding to my actions. After  some  time of fucking and twisting my
fingers within her rectum, her moans, before herself, showed that  she
was ready and wanting more.

She pulled forward until my cock and fingers exited her body. Then she
moved backward fitting the tip of my cock into her anus and  sank  all
the way down until she was seated on my  pelvis. She twisted a bit  to
make sure her rectum was properly and deeply reamed  out.  She  leaned
backward, placing her hands on  either side  of my  shoulders. I  held
her by the hips and started her moving  until  she  was  smoothly  and
naturally sliding her anus up and down my entire shaft. To add to  our
enjoyment, I wetted my fingertips in my mouth and squeezed and pinched
her nipples. That revived my dried spunk and I gave her my fingers  to
suck. I returned my hands to her tits and kneaded  and  squeezed  them
gently in the same fucking rhythm, sometimes,  pinching  her  nipples.
I interrupted the tit play a few times and dipped two fingers of  each
of my hands into her cunt, and then I licked the juice  off  one  hand
and let her lick her juice off the other. It had a grand effect on the
two of us.

She dismounted me to change positions. I knelt on the  bed and  pulled
her head toward my cock for a suck. She  went for  sucking my  dressed
cock while I gently squeezed and twisted her hard nipples. Sexy sounds
accompanied the easy cock slides down her throat. Reaching out forward
I squeezed her right ass cheek with my left hand as I slipped my right
hand beneath her to tickle her clit while I made this suggestion.

"How do you like me to eat you out while you bend  over and out of the
window?"

"Someone might see me."

"Yeah, if someone happens to be hanging around now and happens to cast
a look towards you, they may see your head and shoulders. Even if this
happens, you may make me a little jealous if you do not fold your arms
in front of your sexy tits and they ogle you.  Even so, I do not think
they would suspect that your son is greedily eating your lugging pussy
and asshole unless you tell them so."

I led her to the window and opened it for her, teasing  her,  "Do  you
want to tell them that even you do not know what is in store  for your
ravenous holes? They will be surprised if you  tell them  you will  be
wondering while I sneakily enjoy my lush snack."

She bent over the window, folding her arms on the sill  as she  looked
outside at the trees and the clear sky, the sun shining from the left.
I knelt behind her, pulled her legs a little further apart,  bent  her
knees a little and pushed the small of her back a little down to  make
her ass stick out and open up. I pressed the palm of my left  hand  up
against her mound and started rubbing  slowly in  a circular  fashion,
teasingly making her cunt lips open and close repeatedly. Her  asshole
seemed a little relaxed as my tongue went down licking up and down its
pucker, relaxing it even more. Her head was resting on her arms as she
enjoyed herself. I continued rubbing her  mound until  my  tongue  was
smoothly sliding in and out of her anus. I stood behind her and rubbed
my cock up and down her pussy lips, holding her  waist  with  my  left
hand. I abruptly pushed my cock all the way up her ass and she gasped.
I pulled my cock out and knelt again behind her, saying, "you are  not
ready yet." I swirled my left hand thumb within her wet cunt and  then
pushed it into her ass and began reaming it out  as  busied  my  mouth
with her pussy. I sucked the juices out  of  her  cunt  hole  before I
nibbled on her clit. I took her to the edge, sucking and  licking  her
clit and lips, and kept her there for a while.

I stood behind her and stroked my cock in and out of her pussy  in  an
easy pace, holding her hips gently. I stroked her hips and  back  with
one hand and her belly with the other as she rocked gently to meet  my
thrusts. I held her waist and paced her rocking motion  and  decreased
mine until she was sliding her pussy all the way up and down my  still
cock. A timed little pull followed by a slightly different push on  my
part and a gasp on her part were all it took to replace her  pussy  by
her anus sliding along my thick shaft. I made sure her rhythm made her
approach a climax but not have it. I fondled her tits while she  rode.
Abruptly, I manipulated her clit to a quick orgasm, with a pace  shift
of course. I gave her five quick orgasms this way, enjoying her audio,
video and milking effects.

Pinching her nipples, I asked her, "Do you want to look  in the mirror
and see how sexy you look while getting fucked? Do you want to see how
your lovely tits bounce?"

"That sounds interesting," she answered.

I managed to grip the backs of her thighs, pulling her knees  back  up
against her, and carry her to the mirror while her anus was  stretched
around the root of my cock. I let her down to stand in front of me and
went on fucking her butt. She looked into the mirror as she shook  and
moaned with every thrust. Then I stood still and had her fuck  her ass
against me and have her tits swing more. I held  her  nipples  tightly
between my fingers and pulled them up and  down,  shaking  her titties
wildly. She liked it. Then, it was time again for a few quick orgasms.
This time, shifting paces was followed by a quick flick at  the  clit.
A lighter flick was used each time. She responded  well,  which  meant
it was likely she would finish her APT in  this  session.  She  nodded
when I asked her, "Do you want to see your lustful asshole  sliding up
and down my cock?"

I brought a chair on which I sat down and had her sit down astride me,
her back to the mirror, and fuck her ass with my cock. I  gripped  her
cheeks, pulling them apart, and rocked her up and down as  she  looked
back into the mirror. She was so excited by seeing her  asshole spread
out around my cock and swallowing it repeatedly. She enjoyed the fuck,
bouncing on my cock as I sucked on her nipples. Occasionally she would
look back at her ass in the mirror.

I turned her around and had her set her ass down on my cock, her  back  
to me and her face to the mirror. I had her place her feet on my knees
and her hands behind me on the back of the chair. I started her moving
along my shaft. I could not see the mirror, but she could  easily  see
her plugged anus and empty pussy in the mirror. I slowly slickened all
my fingers in her dripping pussy and rubbed and fingered  her nipples.
When I gave her throbbing clit a light flick,  she  shifted  the  pace
herself, came and restored it. I liked that and  repeated  it a couple
of times. Then I pushed her off my cock, asking where she wanted me to
unload. She said in her mouth.

I asked her to bend over the bed so that I could bugger  her  good. By
pace shifting, she was taken through a series of  orgasms.  Whenever I
felt she was a bit slow to follow, I gave her a  flick  on  the  clit,
which was done only twice. Satisfied with her progress, I  fucked  her
in the normal pace for five minutes and then paced her hers  through a
long shattering orgasm, both enjoying and fighting her eager, sucking,
spasming asshole. When she finished I turned her  around  just in time
to feed  her my  spewing  cock. She  drank  every drop I  offered. She
then sucked and licked my cock, leaving  it limp. We lay on the bed in
each other's arms, resting,  cuddling, and kissing gently.

I sucked gently on her lips between compliments. I  then  kissed  down
her neck on my way to her tits. I  sucked  the  pussy  juice  off  her
nipples and continued sucking them  unhurriedly to  hardness. I  could
not leave her pussy juices to waste. I  spread  her  legs and  went to
work. I licked her entire genital area before I moved to  her  lips. I
nibbled and sucked on her pussy lips. As her juices started to leak, I
sucked slowly on her clit, coaxing more juices out. After  sucking her
cunt hole dry, I skated down to her  asshole.  Licking  down  there, I
pushed her knees way back to expose her anus fully. I sucked her  anus
and licked her pucker until she was moaning continually as her orifice
suckled on my tongue.

I rolled her over onto her tummy and drooled into her anus as I probed
it with my tongue. I kissed her asshole and  knelt  down  over  her. I
nibbled on her left earlobe and  stuck a finger  into her  mouth  as I
whispered into her ear, "Always keep your sexy holes warm for me. This
has been a lovely afternoon. I do not know whether we will be able  to
have much fun during the week. Whenever you need me, I  will be  there
for you as a son, a lover and a friend. And I know you  will always be
open and ready for me to deepen our love ... like now." At the  pause,
I slid my hard cock into her ass in one gentle stroke.  She let out an
excited  moan. I gave her a long, nice ass fuck  interlaced  with  two
short orgasms. I ended the fuck with a breath  taking  orgasm.  I even
gave her climaxing, sucking asshole what it wanted deep in her bowels.
When she resumed breathing, I wiped her pussy with my hand, kissed her
anus, took my clothes and left, blowing her a kiss.

I showered and left to visit an old friend in the evening. I  returned
at about nine. My father and sister  were  home.  They  were  having a
conversation while watching TV. I said hi and followed  mom  into  the
kitchen. I stood behind her, turned her around, took her in  my  arms,
saying, "You were marvelous today." I planted a kiss on her lips.  She
hesitated a bit and then responded passionately, hearing my father and
sister engaged in conversation in the living room. I said, "We will be
sneaking often, won't we?" as I left the kitchen to have  an  ordinary
Sunday night at home.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

---(Lunch and Dinner)-------------------------------------------------

Nothing serious happened between me and mom until Wednesday.  We  only
sometimes flirted innocently and had a quick feel or grind  when  time
allowed. I shared a couple of smiles with  Anna.  All  in  all,  I was
getting hornier.

On Wednesday, I visited mom at the office around lunch time.  Skipping
lunch, we had our lunch each in turn. With the  door  locked  and  her
jacket off, I sat in her chair and she sat in my lap for some  kissing
and petting. I slowly laid kisses all over her face before probing her
mouth for some tongue wrestling. At the same time, my left hand  began
at her knees, caressing her and working her skirt  up  slowly. When we
finished tongue sucking, my hand was  transferred up  to her shirt. By
the time I covered her neck and ears with kisses, the top  buttons  of
her shirt were undone and I proceeded to uncup her left tit. I handled
and squeezed her tit before I kissed it.  My  hand  was  back  up  her 
skirt, rubbing her pussy through her panties as I sucked on  her  hard
nipple and teased it with my tongue and teeth.

After a couple of minutes, I tucked her breast back into her  bra  and
uncovered the other for the same treatment. Finishing with her  boobs,
I buttoned her shirt and engaged her mouth in passionate kissing  as I
slipped my hand down her panties. I tickled her moist  pussy  lips and
spread moisture up to her throbbing clit. I let her way  of sucking on
my tongue pace my hand at her pussy.

I softly pushed her forward towards the desk. She bent  over it before
me. I flipped her skirt and slip  over  her  hips  and  took  off  her
panties. She parted her legs and pulled  her  cheeks  apart  with  her
hands. I slapped her hands and pushed them away. I teased her for five
minutes by licking, kissing and biting her cheeks until her  clit  was
outraged by neglect.  I started drooling just above  her  asshole  and
watch my drool snake down over her anus, lips  and clit. Then  I would
collect it in my hand and massage it into her thighs.

I lapped up and down her wet crack from her clit to her  asshole  time
and again.  I moved to  rimming her  pussy  and  asshole  unhurriedly,
getting her orifices to relax and open up for some  heavy  fun.  I sat
back and enjoyed watching her orifices open and close  repeatedly as I
pulled her ass cheeks wide apart and  back  together.  Seeing  that, I 
applied my lips to her cunt and started wiggling my tongue and pushing
it inside into her hole. Her cunt opened to the pressure, and  soon my
tongue was sliding in and out, fucking her cunt as  I drank up leaking
pussy juice.

Her erect clit needed a little sucking and licking and got it. Pulling
her ass cheeks wide apart, I gently licked her anal pucker  round  and
round, feeling if open wider and wider. I let my saliva  dribble  into
her anus as I continued rimming her pucker. I drenched her rectum with
saliva before I let my tongue shuttle in and out of her  ass,  at  the
same time allowing my right hand thumb fuck her cunt at the same beat.
I dribbled into her anus some more and then inserted two fingers  into
her ass and two fingers of the other hand into her  pussy.  I  stroked
my fingers in and out of her holes,  swirling  them  around  gently. I
removed my right hand fingers from her pussy, replacing them  with  my
left hand ring and little fingers while I kept the other  two  fingers
in her ass. I rubbed her clit with my right hand thumb as I  drove  my
left hand fingers in and out of her clutching holes, setting  out  for
an orgasm. I laid kisses on her ass cheeks while I prodded away at her
holes. When she was ready, I pinched her clit and let her enjoy a long
satisfying orgasm that left her breathless.

I pulled out my hard cock and removed my fingers  from  her  satisfied
openings. I stood up, leaving my pants and shorts  collect  around  my
ankles. Pushing my cock balls deep into her sopping wet  pussy,  I let
it soak a  little  before I  drove it all  the way  into  her  relaxed
asshole to add the final  flavour.  I removed my cock  from  her  ass,
restored  her panties, and straightened her skit before I sat back for
a blow job.

She knelt between my legs and started with licking my balls. Finishing
that, she started deep throating my cock. Each minute or two  of  deep
throat was ended by a little break. In those breaks, she had only  the
head of my cock in her mouth. She wrapped her lips  tightly  around it
and lick it gently until I was ready for the next time. She kept doing
that for ten to fifteen minutes and then made me come.  She pursed her
lips around the head and kept sucking until there was nothing  left to
suck. I then put my pants back on.

By the time we finished, we barely had time to eat  the two sandwiches
I had brought. The lunch hour was concluded with a deep  kiss before I
left. I had to wash my face before interacting with people.

On Thursday night we were watching TV,  me,  mom  and  Anna.  I  stood
behind the couch on which mom was sitting and starting  massaging  her
neck  and shoulders. Mom sighed and Anna looked  and  saw  what  I was
doing. I continued working the tension out of  mom's  muscles  as  she
relaxed. I moved to Anna and did the  same  to  her.  As  her  muscles
loosened up, my touch  got  milder,  finally  coming  down  to  simply
stroking her neck and shoulders. Then I returned to my seat.

I asked whether someone wanted to volunteer and do my  shoulders  or I
should do them myself. Anna did. Although she did not  do  a  thorough
job, I enjoyed her gentle hands. I thought of enjoying more of  her in
other ways. When she finished, I offered to do her again if  she  felt
tired. She said she did not.

Aunt Lucia, mom's older sister, arrived on Friday afternoon. She was
close by and she thought she could stay the weekend before  she  would
fly back home. She called and told her husband about her plan  change.
Lucilla was a lovely lady, older than mom by two years,  pretty,  kind
and with a good figure.

After dinner, mom was chatting with her sister. Mom sometimes went  to
the kitchen to get something or do something and I was there. I  stood
behind her stroking her hips. Then I reached up her dress  and  rubbed
her crotch a little before I pulled her panties down and off,  telling
he she could do without them and she should give her pussy  and anus a 
chance to breathe.

On her next trip to the kitchen, I called her and when she  opened her
mouth to reply, I inserted a butt plug into her  mouth.  I  swirled it
around her mouth to wet it well. Bending her over the  sink,  I rimmed
her ass a little then fitted the plug securely into her rectum. Hoping
she would enjoy the feeling, I straightened her dress and let her go.

On the third trip, I bent her over and looked under her plugged  butt.
Her pussy was damp but empty so I inserted two ben-wa  balls  there. I
told her she should keep her cunt squeezed  to  keep  the  balls  from
falling out and making a scene.

Throughout the evening I enjoyed looking at mom and watching  her  try
to act naturally while her plugged holes twitched with  every  move. A
few times, in the kitchen, I would just twist the plug within  her ass
or tickle her pussy. Her task was getting harder as her  pussy  juiced
up. That also risked wafting the smell of sex around.  As  my  fingers
stroked her pussy, I told her she should not think of sex or  how  bad
she wanted my hard cock to plow her holes deeply until she faints with
orgasmic pleasure. Such thoughts will only make her  pussy  leak  more
and if the ben-wa balls did not slip out because of  that,  her  smell
might fill the room, I advised. I wiped her juices with my  hands  and
licked them off while she went about her business.

Towards the end of the evening, I removed the plug from  her  ass  and
had her lick it and suck it. Then I had  her  suck  the  ben-wa  balls
while I fingered her pussy to orgasm. I sucked the  juices  this  time
and kissed her anus and mouth. Before she went to  bed  that night, it
only took her a couple of sucks to swallow my load.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

---(Aunt Lucia)-------------------------------------------------------

On Saturday afternoon, mom, Aunt Lucia and I were chatting away in the
living room. I was sitting beside mom on the love seat and  Lucia  was
sitting on  a couch  opposite  us.  About  fifteen  minutes  into  the
conversation, mom's hand started on my right knee, slowly moving up my
thigh. After a minute, she was absent mindedly stroking my crotch.  My
cock was responding, making a nice tent in my pants. They were deep in
the conversation so Lucia glanced at my crotch now and  then  but  did
not talk about it, but it was getting to her.

Changing the subject, mom asked her, "Are you still  into  those  butt
exercises?" She answered,  "Sure as ever!" I said, "So that's why  you
have those nice, sexy buns? Way to go, Auntie."  "Do you  like  them?"
she asked, eyeing my tent. "I love them," I replied,  now  mom's  hand
was sneaking into my pants and making direct contact with my cock. Mom
fished out my cock, addressing her sister, "Then how do you like to do
some stretching and pumping on this buttmate?" and she swooped down on
my cock and licked the tip circularly, licking off a drop of  precome.
Lucia, paying more attention to my hard-on, asked mom, "Is it any good
back there?" "It was great for my butt," mom answered, now stroking my
cock up and down with her left hand. "So you finally  gave  away  your
ass?" Lucia asked. "It was rather seduced away," was  mom's  answer.

I beckoned Lucia towards my cock and  she  knelt  in  front  of  me. I
nudged her head down and she started kissing and licking my glans. She
sucked a little on the head of my cock before  raising  her  head. "It
tastes good!" she said. I tilted her head up to me as I pushed my hand
between her legs and rubbed gently on her panties crotch. "Oh,  wait a
minute, Auntie. We are going to take our time here, you don't  have to
drench you panties this soon,  now,  do you?" I  said,  squeezing  her
pussy through her panties. I pulled her to a deep kiss  full  of  slow
tongue play, then I looked her in the eye saying, "At least not before
you treat my cock to more of your wonderful mouth?"

She licked and drooled over the head of my cock,  and suddenly took it
all the way down her throat. After that, it was a  slow  and  skillful
deep throat job. There was no doubt  she sucked better than mom.  "Let
me make sure your pussy is not soaking too much." I  reached  forward,
pulling her dress up over her hips. With one hand I rhythmetically and
gently rubbed and squeezed her pussy and with the other hand I stroked
her pantied ass.  As she sucked on my cock and played with my balls, I
continued, "I do not think you know why I do not want you to soak your
panties too much. It has nothing to do with dripping on the  carpet. I
may or may not fuck your juicy pussy this time, but you  can  save  up
your juices for me to drink. I have a feeling that your horny pussy is
not your hungriest orifice for cock. Baby, and I like that."

Meanwhile, mom had splayed her legs and pushed her panties  aside  and
was treating herself to a nice, slow fingerfuck,  watching  us  beside
her.

I pulled my right hand from between her legs and used  both  hands  to
squeeze and part her buttocks. "It's a nice feeling to  have  my  cock
sliding balls deep between two pretty cheeks...in...and out...in...and
out (as my cock slid in and out of her mouth). It can be  rather tight
where there are no lips involved, only round cheeks and ripe at that."

I raised her head up and said, "I think you are  ready  for  your  one
hour workout. We'll start with some warming up,  then some stretching,
then some low impact exercises and  conclude  with  some  high  impact
exercises and cooling down.  We'll concentrate on your bum. Are you up
to it?" She nodded.

I kicked my pants off, let her rest her  head  and  shoulders  on  the
couch and knelt behind her. Mom's legs were drawn up and her pussy and
asshole were glistening with her juices as she teased and fingered her
crotch. I reached out between her legs with my tongue and  slowly slid
it from her puckered asshole to her twitching clit, giving her a short
kiss on the clit before I returned to the butt presented to me.

I kissed Auntie's butts on either side of her  panties.  My fingertips
teased the uncovered flesh of her ass ever so lightly. I collected the
back of her panties in her ass crack to expose the rest  of her moons.
I laid gentle kisses all over her ass. As I licked her flesh, I teased
her covered pussy with my fingertips talking to her between  licks and
kisses. "You have a nice ass...smooth and sexy...so  beautiful...turns
me on so much...but I still did not see your wet pussy and horny anus.
They must be very pretty and delicious...love  hard cock..."  I pulled
her panties down slowly until they  cleared her crotch.  Before I slid
them the rest of the way and put them aside,  I parted her butt cheeks
and gave her asshole a kiss and her pussy another.

I spread her thighs some more, pushed her back a little  down,  making
her ass stick out, stretched and open for my investigation. I  brushed
the head of my cock up and down her crack, mixing her  juices  with my
own cock drool and spreading it to her  twitching asshole  as I teased
her with words. "Has this virginal looking asshole ever had  cock?  It
doesn't seem so, does it?" Swaying her butt, she said, "Your mom  here
can testify that this asshole had had its first cock  way  before  you
were born!" Although mom had her eyes open, she was  oblivious  to us,
what with two fingers sliding in and out of her pussy and anus and her
clit being teased royally. "You mean I had under my very cock,  a butt
aged to perfection? Oh, that's even better! I like to enjoy  an expert
butt and see  if it can learn  a thing or two.  But be warned,  when I
finish with you,  you may think this is really your first time."  As I 
brushed her clit with my finger tip, she said, "For your own sake, and
mine, I hope you can do what you think you can do."

My tongue replaced my cock at teasing her crack lightly.  Then  I  was
eating her oozing pussy seriously, sucking her clit, drinking her warm
juices and driving her crazy with lust, but no come.  "Your  delicious
pussy tastes as good as it looks, woman. Keep the good job. Now, let's
see next door. I circled her anal rim with my tongue  and  licked  her
pucker very lightly,  waiting for it to relax and open hornily,  which
it did quickly enough.  While she moaned and squealed with delight, my
tongue was delving into  her ass in pace with  the gentle squeezing of
her engorged clit.  As fresh pussy juice oozed out of her,  I  drooled
into her ass, lubing and relaxing her.

I wiped her pussy with  two fingers  and pushed  them gently  into her
ass. As my fingers slowly went in and out of her asshole, twisting and
curling, I sucked gently on her clit, not to make her get off. Now and
then I added more drool into her rectum. Then I was behind her, wiping
her pussy juice with the shaft of my cock.

I crouched above her my cock ready and aimed down at her twitching and
wet anus, and I pushed. Her asshole relaxed to take me in.  When  half
of my glans was in, I pulled out, and repeated  a few times.  She  was
getting frustrated  and started begging me  to put it all in.  I said,
"Hush, you want me to prove my argument,  let me do it in my own way."
She reached with her hand to play with her clit. "Oh, no,  you don't,"
I told her. "There is something better you can do. Mom, get your horny
butt over here. Auntie wants to eat your pussy and ass, like they were
never eaten before. She can make you come really good." Soon, mom  had
her heels on Auntie's back, enjoying her squirming tongue.

It took over ten minutes of teasing until I got the total length of my
cock sliding all the way up Auntie's butt and then back out. As  I had
my balls pressed against the back of her pussy,  I told her  that  her
ass was all reamed out and ready for  a little more teasing  and a lot
of pleasing. After every couple of strokes deep into her ass, I rubbed
the upper side  of my shaft up  and down her wet pussy lips.  She  was
dying to come. Then I put it to her, fucking her asshole  very  deeply
in a slow, nice rhythm. Whenever she got close to coming,  I pulled my
cock out and rubbed the tip over her anus until she cooled down a bit.

Mom enjoyed a couple of comes  on Auntie's  tongue,  besides those she
had shortly before. When I saw her riding to a big one,  I decided  it
was time Auntie had a big come. I  wanted the  three of  us to  climax
together and that was  what happened.  When  mom  screamed,  I pinched
Auntie's clit and shifted my pace. Auntie started coming, her  asshole
spasming around my own spasming cock, milking every  drop my balls had
to offer. Auntie's orgasm did not seem to stop as I fucked her through
it. Then I was lying on her back,  she hardly breathing,  and mom  was
pretty much the same.

Even as Auntie was resting, her asshole was  still clenching around my
cock. I had my arms around her and was kissing her and whispering nice
compliments in her ear. And that anal clenching had my cock hard again
and ready to go. I moved my cock gently in and out of her ass in short
strokes, stroking a finger in and out of mom's.  Auntie whispered that
someone else needs my cock.  I said,  "You  mean  here?"  drawing  her
attention to my finger up mom's asshole. She nodded. I told  her  that
that someone is going to get it and asked her what she thought of what
she had just been through. She admitted that  it  was  definitely  her
wildest ass fuck and that it was worth becoming any woman's first anal
fuck.

Sealing that with a kiss, we proceeded to arrange mom for her share of
my cock. Mom had two good orgasms with her ass spasming around my cock
and then Auntie had a second one before they sucked me.  I squirted my
spunk on their faces and they licked each other off. On Sunday,  I had
a long,  slow session with Aunt Lucia,  in which I thoroughly explored
every inch of her body and had fun with her full tits.  She invited me
to visit her at home which I did a couple  of weeks later  and had fun
with her and her daughter, Gina, together!

Mom's training was complete with a little bondage and a few hypnotical
sessions. Then we spent a week on the beach. There I seduced Anna, and
mom and I had her join our club. Mom was sucking dad when he noticed I
was dicking Anna's ass and he joined.  That was when mom had her first
double fuck. She loved it so much. Anna was not wild about it.

Our neighbours throwing a party was an opportunity for me to make Lora
a good friend in every which way.  She was a thirty-year old  brunette
with a nice  body  and a fantastic ass.  We had lots  of fun when  her
husband was not around. It was one nice summer, unforgettable.


