                           SUMMER FUN 
                  INTRODUCTION. THE BEGINNING 
     Bill, one of the area's best electrical engineers, was rapidly
approaching his breaking point. For over six years he had given
his company all he had to give, only to find that they had no real
appreciation for his dedication.  At the close of a long Memorial
Day weekend, Bill decided to use his accumulated vacation time and
take off of work until September. 

     A few weeks later, Bill went out with Frank, his longtime
buddy. Frank owned a successful landscaping and maintenance company
that catered to the more affluent sections of society. After one
of their many rounds of drinks, in their third bar, Bill mentioned
how bored he was beginning to get with all the time on his hands.
Frank responded, "Why not come work with me for the rest of the
summer? I have more work than I can handle and could really use
another supervisor whom I can trust."

     While intrigued by the idea, Bill added, "Well, I don't want
to lock myself into anything right now. After all, that's why I
took the time off from work, to relax." 

     "Aw! Come on Bill! You know I wouldn't do that to you. If you
felt like walking at any time, I wouldn't stop you. I really do
need another supervisor and you'd be doing me a favor. All you have
to do is watch over the crews and handle the clients. It's easy
work, you get a good tan, and there are plenty of attractive women
to keep your mind occupied.". 

     "Well, I guess it couldn't hurt to try it for a few weeks
anyway. When do you want me to start?"

     "How about the day after tomorrow? It'll take that long for
the two of us to sober up after tonight." 

     "Okay, Frank! You've got yourself a deal! Bartender! Another
round here, and make 'em doubles!" 
 
                         I. WASH AND DRY

     It had been over a month since Bill agreed to work for Frank.
He still vividly remembered the phone call at 4 am reminding him
he was to be at the office by sunrise. It took him all of ten
minutes to remember why he was supposed to be there, but he was.
In fact, he liked the work so much that he's been there every day
since. It was only a short time before he realized he enjoyed
working on the land, under the sun, and raising up a good sweat.
Sure, his muscles ached, but in a way that made him feel healthy
and good about himself. 

     The crew that Bill supervised turned out to be a great bunch
of people who all knew their jobs well. Bill never had to worry
about any of the six men and two women slacking off or making
mistakes. They were professional in every respect. After all, since
they were working the grounds of the richest people in the state,
they had to be the best. Word travels fast amongst the elite and
the egos that lived in these mansions didn't forgive easily, nor
did they tolerate mishaps. Of course, they also rewarded good work
in many varied ways. 

     It was at the Hamilton home that Bill discovered just how very
interesting some of these families really were. A light, misty rain
had been falling since early morning. Bill informed Mrs. Hamilton
that they would return the next day, weather permitting, and
complete the work. She agreed that was the best course of action
and mentioned that she was also on her way to the country club, but
for a bridge tournament. This sat well with Bill as he preferred
to have the owner present when his crew was working. This helped
to eliminate the possibility of misunderstandings and the like. 

     After he had dispatched the crew to the various tasks at the
country club, Bill realized that they had left their small tractor
mower at the Hamilton's. He told John, his assistant, he would get
it and return shortly. Finding Mrs. Hamilton in the lobby area,
Bill explained the oversight and she happily loaned him the key to
the gate across the driveway. She explained that it was a spare
and he could just leave in the pool's bungalow when he was
finished. 

     A half-hour later, Bill was loading the tractor onto the
trailer in what was now a heavy storm. Totally drenched, he entered
the poolside bungalow to leave the gate key. Once inside, he was
taken with the luxury of what was, basically, just a changing room.
The place was outfitted with plush furniture, a wet-bar, a bedroom,
a small kitchen and complete bath facilities. "If this is just for
changing clothes, I'm not sure I want to see the house itself!",
he said aloud to himself. 

     "And why not?" a voice responded. 

     Bill nearly jumped out of his skin. Quickly turning he was
taken with what now in his vision. She was about 20 and had a body
that Hugh Hefner would have killed to have appear in Playboy. What
really caught his attention, though, was her face. It was the most
innocent and angelic face he had ever seen. After his initial shock
wore off, he said. "And who are you?". 

     "I'm Theresa Hamilton, Terri to my friends. Now, who are YOU
and what are you doing here?" 

     "I'm Bill Powers, the landscaping supervisor. We heft a
tractor behind this morning and your mother loaned me the gate key
so that I could come and get it. She told me to leave it in here
when I was through. Had I known someone was home, though, I
wouldn't have troubled her for the key." 

     "I just got back from Hawaii this morning, apparently after
everyone had gone." 

     "Well, Miss Hamilton, I am sorry to have bothered you. If you
will excuse me, I have to be on my way now." 

     The vixen smiled coyly and offered; "You can't go out in that
storm. Besides you'll catch cold in all those wet clothes. Why
don't you just wait until the rain lets up a bit. Anyway, I could
use the company." 

     "I'm not sure that's a good idea Miss Hamilton.", said Bill,
hoping she would argue the point. 

     She passed another coy smile and said; "Please, my friends
call me Terri." 

     "Okay, Terri. I have a crew working at the country club and
they're expecting me back. We have work to do whether it's raining
or not. In fact, some of our work is easier in the rain."  

     "Well, I see your point, but I was just getting ready to start
lunch. Won't you at least stay and eat with me? We can throw your
clothes in the dryer while we eat." 

     "I have to confess that sounds too good to pass up." 

     "Well, Bill, you can take your clothes off in the bedroom.
There are several robes in the closet there. I hope you like pasta,
that's what I'm making for lunch." 

     "Sounds good! I'll be right back.", Bill entered the bedroom
and closed the door. While undressing, he considered the situation
and thought that mixing business with pleasure could be a mistake.
It could be that Terri is just a friendly person and if he made a
move he could jeopardize himself and Frank's business. He decided
to be on his best behavior. 

     Terri took his soaked clothing and started the dryer. Then she
returned to the kitchen and finished preparing the meal. Bill felt
a little self-conscious sitting across from such a beautiful woman
while he was wearing only a robe. 

     Lunch was superb and the wine was excellent. Maybe just a
little too excellent, he thought. He was beginning to fantasize
more and more about the parts of Terri's body hidden by her sparse
outfit. 

     After the meal, they checked on Bill's clothes, only to find
them still very wet. "Another 30 minutes or so should do it.", she
said as they returned to the sofa to relax. Terri sat close to him,
at least closer than necessary. This only made Bill's resolve a
little less strong than during lunch. She talked of her upbringing
and of the many places she had visited. Then it was Bill's turn.
He started to explain how he ended up working for Frank when she
edged a little closer and turned towards him under the pretext of
hearing better. Bill continued his story, though a little
nervously.  

     As she moved closer, he could feel the heat from her body,
smell the scent of her cologne, and detect the strong gaze of her
eyes. He was becoming aroused and was a bit embarrassed by it. He
shifted to try and hide the growing bulge in the robe. That was a
mistake. His slight movement, and his arousal, only caused the robe
to part and expose every inch of his hardened manhood. Terri
gasped, but not in shock, "My god! That is beautiful!". Before he
could apologize or cover himself, she had her hand on it,
encircling the warm shaft. As she did so, she pressed her lips
against his. Bill's resistance was gone. He responded avidly be
embracing her and began exploring her lips with his tongue. He then
moved his lips to her neck and that ran his tongue to her ears and
nibbled on her lobes. Meanwhile, Terri opened his robe further and
began slowly stroking his cock. 

     Bill worked his hands to her buttons and, after a little
fumbling, managed to release her magnificent breasts. As he moved
his mouth to encircle her right nipple, he thought that he had
never seen breasts more perfectly formed than these. He then turned
his attention to the other nipple as Terri, still stroking his
cock, moaned in delight. 

     Slowly and deliberately, Bill worked his way down her body.
As he removed her shorts he was pleasantly surprised to find that
she wore no panties. He swirled his tongue across her belly and
slowly down to the top of her pubic hair. He massaged her thighs
and then resumed his tonguing behind her thighs. When he reached
the sensitive are behind her knees, he used a light touch that
seemed to drive her wild wit passion. She begged him to stop
teasing her and tried to draw his head to her vagina. Bill
continued down the one leg and up the other. When he reached the
top of her thighs, he began to light blow across her entire pubic
area. She moaned louder in response and again begged him to stop
his teasing.  

     Bill moved his lips to her inner thigh and imparted light
caresses on his way up. When he finally reached her pussy, he
reached out with his tongue and slightly tickled her. She moaned
even more. He then began his assault in earnest. First penetrating
her vaginal lips with his tongue, and then moving slightly upward
to the clitoris. When he finally reached it, Terri had her first
orgasm. It was followed by two more in the few moments that
followed. Bill kept up the stimulation until, two more orgasms
later, she motioned for him to stop. He kissed his way up, across
her breasts, until he was again nuzzling he neck. "God! You smell
soooo good!", he whispered. 

     Terri slowly rolled them over until she was atop Bill and
said, "Now, it's your turn to be teased!". She started much as he
did, by kissing his ears and nibbling on his neck. She paid
particular attention to his nipples. Though his women usually
ignored this area, it aroused him greatly. She slowly worked her
way down and moved to his balls and gently took each one in her
mouth and caressed it with her tongue, all the while avoiding his
hardened member. As her lips continued their menstruations on his
balls, her hands found their way to his chest. She massaged him
sensuously. Then she raised her head, and with only her lips,
slowly engulfed the head of his cock. Terri used a slight suction
and moved down its full length, until the head was nestled deeply
in her throat. She held that position for a moment, letting her
throat muscles relax around the oral intruder. Bill let out a loud
moan as her head started to bob up and down on his tool. Terri
would withdraw until just the tip remained between her lips, then
she drew it in slowly and caressed it with swirling motions of her
tongue until the head was once again in her throat. 

     This continued until she sensed Bill was ready to come. When
his balls tightened, she slowed down to a complete stop and would
move her attention elsewhere, until his cock lost it's iron-rod
rigidity. Then, she would start again. This went on for what seemed
to be hours. Finally, Terri removed herself and sat astride Bills
torso on her knees. She reached back and used her left hand to
guide his cock between her pussy lips. Once there, she rotated her
ass and inched that hard rod into her pussy until she felt that she
could take no more. Once inside, she knew that there was still a
good inch or two to go, but just couldn't get it in. They began a
rhythmic motion and were soon lost in a sexual rhapsody. After a
time, Bill sat up and they rolled over, without missing a stroke.
As Bill moved his cock into her, they moaned and kissed. Terri had
just had her sixth orgasm of the day when Bill pulled out and
flipped her onto her stomach. She knew what he wanted and raised
herself to he could enter her from behind. As his member again
entered her vagina, she concentrated and tried to take it all.
However, Bill was just too large for her. While she was feeling his
internal massage, his fingers played her clitoris like a harp. She
was going wild and soon had another orgasm and felt herself rising
to yet another when Bill again pulled out, leaving her with an
empty sort of feeling there. He kissed his way down her back and
across her buttocks until his tongue found her vagina from the
rear. Bill's tongue brought her to orgasm again and still he
continued. When he finally stopped, he again laid her on her back
and positioned himself between her legs. He raised her knees and
then her ankles until both feet were over her shoulder. She reached
down and guided his cock to her pussy. He said "Let's see if you
can really take it all.". 

     His cockhead parted her vaginal lips and continued on until
she had taken all but an inch of his cock. She whimpered "Please!
I want it all!". Bill started pumping in and out and Terri found
herself traveling down that now familiar road to orgasm. As she
felt it build and build, she became obsessed with taking all of
Bill's penis. Then, just as she started to come, she grabbed his
buttocks and pulled with all her might. Bill plunged the full
length of his cock into her. Her eyes went wide with both shock and
delight as she had the most intense orgasm ever. "Don't stop! Give
me all of it! I want to feel all of you inside me.", was all she
could say. Bill, not being one to disappoint a woman, continued to
piston his cock into her. He would pull out until just the tip was
between the lips and then plunge in until his pubic hairs pressed
against hers.

     Bill started to sense that feeling growing in his loins and
increased his speed, tying to get even deeper into this lovely and
sensual creature that lay writhing beneath him. His cock moved in
and out rapidly. Then, he felt it coming and pushed against her.
Terri screamed, "I feel so full. Come on Bill fill me up. I wanna
feel your sperm shoot inside of me. Do it now!". That was all he
needed to set him off. He felt as though all of his internal organs
were trying to escape through his penis at one time. As he spurted
deep inside her, she gasped, "Oh, yes! I feel it. More! Give me
more!". When he was drained, he lowered her legs and pumped a
little more. They relaxed and soon fell asleep, Bills penis still
buried in Terri's snatch. 

     Bill was awakened by a strange feeling. Upon opening his eyes,
he found his cock buried to the hilt in Terri's mouth. "I
remembered that I hadn't had dessert yet.", said Terri. She
attacked his now hard member with great fervor. He watched her head
bob and felt her lips tighten each time the head passed between
them. Her hands play with his balls. Then, she suddenly stopped and
laid back. He arose and tried to mount her for another good screw
when she told him that she was too sore and wanted only to please
him. She lay on her back in a position that let her head hang over
the arm of the sofa and instructed Bill to stand behind her. As she
dropped her head back, it was perfectly aligned with his penis. She
reached for his cock and guided it between her waiting lips. Bill
let her orchestrate the movements for fear of hurting her. It
wasn't long before he found himself humping her warm mouth. It was
incredible! He could feel his cock enter her throat each time and
it was heavenly. Terri seemed to be getting as excited as he was.
Her hands were wrapped around his ass pulling him in deep each
time. It was only a short while before his cock again gushed. Terri
tried to swallow it all, but a few drops ran out the sides of her
mouth. She kept on sucking and had soon milked Bill dry. 

     To his surprise and her delight, his cock stayed hard and she
continued sucking until it was again as hard as iron. Terri then
turned around and presented her ass to him saying, "Well, my mouth
is tired and my pussy is sore, but we can try.", she said coyly.

     "Well, what are we waiting for?", said Bill. Looking around
the room, he spied a bottle of hand lotion on the counter and
grabbed it. He open the bottle and first poured some on his hands.
He then spread some across her back and ass and rubbed it in.
Meanwhile she was stroking his penis with her lotion filled hands.
Soon, they were both glistening and covered with the oil. 

     As Bill readied his cock to enter her, Terri slid back and his
cock slid all the way into her pussy on the one stroke. "Ooooooh!
Deeper Bill, Deeper!" moaned Terri. Bill started pumping wildly as
Terri, despite her soreness, had another orgasm. She loved getting
it this way, doggy style. As Bill pushed his cock in, she shoved
her ass back to meet him. At one point, Bill pulled out and raised
his cock a little higher. Terri had just started back when he
pushed forward. Her eyes suddenly went wide and before she knew
exactly what had happened, his penis was buried halfway into her
virgin ass. Tears ran down her face, but she was not about to make
him stop his assault. 

     At first, it was a little painful for Terri. Then, as Bill's
fingers played with her pussy and he plunged his cock deeper into 
her ass, she started to enjoy it. Bill pushed deeper and deeper
until she had again taken all of him. The tempo increased as his
balls slapped against her pussy and she moaned in response. She
orgasmed again and again as his finger matched his tempo. Then, he
came. She could feel his juices shoot deep inside her ass and it
gave her a warm, sexy feeling. 

     After extracting themselves, they took a shower. After which,
Terri sat Bill down and gave him a soft sensuous blow job to end
the day. Bill dressed and asked if they could see each other again.
"Are you kidding? My parents would disown me if they knew I was
dating a man that worked for them! But, if you ever have time, stop
by again and I am sure we can find a mutually satisfying way to
pass the time." 

     Bill was dumbfounded, but not totally surprised. He started
the truck and slowly drove to the country club to rejoin his crew.

                  Scenario Three - The DrivingInstructor 
                  ~~~~~~~~ ~~~~~   ~~~ ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 
     It had been a long and trying day.  My first trainee had
been an old lady who felt her grand children were more important
than watching the road. My third trainee almost ended my life
when he decided to play chicken with an army convoy.  I was
making mental additions to my two weeks notice when my last
trainee of the day came walking up.  She was around seventeen,
pert and perky, virginal and sensual.  I felt the rising force of
my rod of God when I saw here walking towards the car.  She was
wearing a black T-Shirt that was about a size too large and a
pair of very tight denim jeans.  As she approached the car I
started fantasizing about her and I running out of gas on a dark,
little used side road.  She opened up the door and said, "Mr.
Roberts? Hi! I'm Debbie! You're my driving instructor today!" 

     "Hop on in, Debbie" I said.  She got into the car and
strapped on her seat belt.  I looked at her approvingly.  She
gave me a look back, and damn me if it wasn't a look of just
plain lust.  I quickly put that thought down. "Christ!" I
thought, "you're old enough to be her father". 

     "Today, we are going to be driving down rural roads" I said
as another rather disturbing thought escaped from my subconscious
and planted itself in my mind.  I could feel her presence next to
me and I was surprised to see that my pole was rock hard.  She
deftly put the car into drive and pulled out of the driving
school driveway onto the highway. 

     "I take it you've driven before" I said. 

     "Oh yes.  My boyfriend Tommy let me drive his car all the
time before we broke up".  We drove along for awhile, and I told
Debbie to turn onto Route 5.  "Oh, were going in the direction of
the quarry!" gushed Debbie.  "My friends and I have lots of
parties down at the quarry"  We drove along in silence. Debbie
was purely capable of driving the big Buick and I was relieved
that I didn't have another paranoid autophobe.  The sun was
starting to set when I told Debbie to turn down Old Stream Mill
Road.  We went down the road about three of four miles when the
car started to buck.  "What's happening?" said Debbie.  I quickly
grimaced.  I had forgotten to fill the car up with gasoline
before I set off with her. 

     "I think we've run out of gas" I said. 

     She turned and looked at me with the look she had given me
earlier. "Oh?" she purred.  My cock got so stiff so quickly it
almost ripped through my shorts.  Debbie quickly pulled the car
off onto the side of the road. Before I knew what was happening
she had taken off her seat belt and was un-zipping my trousers. 

     "What are you doing?" I queried. 

     She looked at me with a sort of pleading.  "Ever since Tommy
broke up with me I've been so-o-o horny."  She grasped my stick
with her hand and placed it in her mouth. I quickly sucked in my
breath as her tongue did a St. Vitus dance on my throbbing wand. 

     "Debbie... We really shouldn't- Oh, what the fuck." I closed
my eyes and let myself bring my fantasies a little closer to
reality. "How old are you, Debbie?" I asked her as she wrapped
her tongue around my pole. 

     "Mmrff..." she lifted her head long enough to mumble:
"Fifteen..." 

     "Fifteen?! You aren't even old enough to drive!" 

     "No, but I'm old enough to fuck! Drive me, Instructor!" She
un-snapped her tight blue-jeans and began wriggling out of them.
I thrust my hands under the folds of her black Motley Crew
T-Shirt and fondled her nubile mounds. Her nipples were small and
hard.

     "It's too cramped in here! Let's get out of the car..."
Before I could say anything, she had opened the door and stumbled
out onto the poorly paved road. Her jeans were down to about knee
level and she could barely keep her balance. She bent over to
pull them off her legs, and I could see a dark wet stain on her
panties slowly taking form. 

     I shifted across the bench seat with my prick standing at
attention, readily thrust through my open fly. She had managed to
get her jeans off now, and was stepping out of her panties. Her
triangle of Aphrodite beckoned. Tight dark curls accented her
pink lips. I guess she wasn't a natural blonde, hah. I unbuttoned
my pants, carefully pulling them down past my cock, and let them
fall to the ground.

     She had moved toward me and began rubbing her body against
mine, sliding her cunt along my shaft, leaving a wet trail. She
tilted her head at an angle to my own and whispered in my ear:
"Fuck me, right here... On the hood... But don't hurt me, I'm
still a virgin!" 

     She backed up and jumped into a sitting position on the hood
of the Buick. "...I don't want to be a virgin anymore... Fuck
me... It's a big car..." She pulled me closer to her. 

     I aimed my prick between her thighs and pressed gently into
her dripping pussy. She bent her knees and extended her legs so
that they rest on my shoulders. I wet my cock on her love juices
and slowly forced it into her hot, tight little hole. She
squealed with delight as I drove my eight-incher deep inside her
young frame. I sank my cock in again and again, building a
strong, steady rhythm. She reached behind me and grabbed my ass,
pulling herself toward me as each thrust sent her shifting toward
the center of the car. 

     She seemed to be slowly approaching some kind of climax,
when she exhaled suddenly and said, quite calmly, "Is this IT?
Fucking isn't all it's cracked up to be. Isn't there something
more exciting we can do?" 

     I thought things were going just fine, but as I grasped what
she meant, a thousand perverted thoughts flooded into my brain,
as if they had been finally aroused by the prospect of
realization. "Well, I could fuck you up the ass...?" I suggested
hopefully.

     "That sounds neat! Will it hurt?" she asked. 

     "Of course not, my dick isn't any wider than your shit, is
it?" I pulled my cock out and left her little red cunt agape. She
flipped over and crawled to the center of the car. "Get on and
buttfuck me!" 

     I hoisted myself onto the hood and walked on my knees to
where her little asshole awaited. I figured my prick was plenty
lubed, and I sank it into her anus without warning. 

     "Oooowww!" she exclaimed, "That's incredible!" Her little
ass squeezed tightly around my turgid rod, and it grew even
harder with every heartbeat. "I LIKE that! It kind of hurts, but
I LIKE it!" 

     She squirmed and gasped with every penetration I forced upon
her, but she seemed to be enjoying it immensely. "Can you fuck my
pussy with your hand? I want it in BOTH holes!" 

     This girl was quite a demanding little cunt, but I didn't
mind. It was free... I reached between her thighs and jammed a
finger into her pussy. There seemed to be room enough (Virgin?
Ha!) so I slipped another finger inside. She squeezed them
tightly, but then relaxed and breathed, "Jam your whole fist
inside!" 

     What the hell, eh? I made a fist and pushed on her cunt, but
there didn't seem to be room for all five fingers. "PUSH!" she
yelled. So I did. I pushed hard and my fist suddenly vanished
into her liquid cavern of love. I must have ripped her flesh on
the way in, because I noticed a trickle of blood coursing down
her inner thigh. She almost screamed with ecstasy. What a lay! 

     It was about now that I noticed the sound of tires on the
pavement. I didn't bother to look, I was too excited. I fucked
her, cock and fist, until I heard a rough male voice say, "Well,
well. What HAVE we got here?!" 

     I couldn't hold back the river any longer. I yelled "Ah!"
and began spurting huge gobs of sex sauce into her chocolate
tunnel. 

     "You mean you're COMING? I'm not even DONE yet!" she cried.

     I removed my body parts from her various orifices and sat on
the hood of the car, as she gazed back around her torso at me.
Her ass was dripping come and her cunt was dripping blood, as she
cried "Somebody FUCK me!" 

     I ignored her. I was exhausted. I turned my head to find out
who it was that had arrived, finally alarmed at the fact that
someone had been watching. I nearly cried out as I noticed the
patrol car and the state policeman standing nearby, arms crossed,
casually tapping his foot on the ground. 

     "I think I might be of service here, ma'am" he said as he
removed his gun belt and unzipped his pants. 

     A sick smile spread on Debbie's face as she saw the cop
approach her. He held his stiff cock in his left hand. It wasn't
nearly as big as mine, but it was thick as hell. Must have been
at least 3 inches in diameter. He was going to tear that little
girl to hell. I sat down by the side of the road to watch the
show. 

     "Is there a problem, Officer?" Debbie chuckled? 

     "Yes, ma'am, I seem to be having a slight problem. My cock
is hungry, and he's going to eat you." The officer squeezed his
penis and jerked it toward her. 

     Debbie lay belly down on the hood of the warm Buick and
lifted her head to accept the cop's rigid cock into her mouth.
"That is..." the cop moaned, "that is, if you don't eat him
first!"

     Debbie reached around to grab the policeman's ass and pulled
him deep into her hot mouth. She could feel his cock throb
against the back of her throat, and she sucked hard, forcing the
blood to the head of his cock. The cop grunted and began to rock
his hips, shifting Debbie back and forth along the Buick's hood.
Debbie arched her hips up high and then spread her legs and began
to undulate against the warm metal. She spread a sticky smear of
semen on the hood. 

     The cop grabbed her head and began plunging his cock in and
out of Debbie's mouth. Debbie sputtered and gagged, but didn't
try to pull herself away. The cop's dick was turning an angry
purple. Suddenly, he pushed Debbie's head back and grabbed his
penis with both hands. Pointing it upwards, he spasemed and sent
spurts of come up into the air. The semen shot upward a few
inches and landed in multiple little puddles on the hood of the
car. Debbie wriggled forward and began licking the sperm off of
the car. 

     She rolled onto her back, eyes closed, and her fingers found
their way into her moist cunt. She spread her cunt with one hand
and the other sent probing fingers deep inside. She put her
fingers in her mouth and sucked on her own cunt juice. "Isn't
there anyone who can fuck me?!?" she moaned. 

     "Sorry ma'am," said the cop, "I'm too old for a second
round, but my partner here would be happy to oblige." 

     "Where's your partner?" Debbie gasped. 

     "Right here..." the cop grabbed his nightstick from his
gunbelt and held it up for Debbie's approval. 

     "Oh Wow!" Debbie cried, "Fuck me with your big cop dildo!"
Debbie twirled around and faced the cop with her dripping pussy.
"Fuck me DEEP!" 

     The cop placed the nightstick lengthwise along her cunt lips
and began slowly sliding it up and down. He twirled it in the
fluid and got it good and lubricated. Debbie sighed, "Oh, please
don't tease me... FUCK ME!" 

     The cop adjusted his grip on the stick and sank it into her
cunt until it would go no further. Debbie screamed with pleasure
and the juices slowly ran down her thighs in filmy rivulets. She
placed both her palms on her inner thighs and rubbed the thick
liquid onto her belly. 

     The cop rolled the nightstick between both hands and twisted
it in and out of her cunt. Debbie licked her hands clean, "My
pussy tastes so GOOD!" she gasped and reached between her legs
for more. Her hips gyrated and the stick made a sucking sound as
the cop pulled it out of her cunt again and again. 

     "Ma'am, you make me feel young again!" the cop exclaimed,
and he grabbed his prick. It was rock hard and ready for more. 

     Debbie slid her body up against the policeman's torso, and
with one hand slid his cock into her pussy. She screamed as the
cops unbelievably wide cock stretched her cunt to the limit. "Oh
my God! I'm going to come!" Debbie pulled the cop close against
her and rocked wildly. She threw her head back and a deep
guttural sound came from deep within her small frame. She wrapped
her legs around the cop and her whole body tensed. The muscles in
her thighs quivered and looked as if they were about to snap. A
gush of clear fluid spilled from her cunt and formed a puddle
where her ass pressed against the car. She emitted one last
guttural sigh and fell back limp onto the car. 

     The cop continued to sink his cock into her, but she didn't
respond. She just gazed up at the darkening sky. "I'm sorry,
ma'am, but I have yet to finish." The cop looked at her
disapprovingly. 

     "I can't... I'm worn out." Debbie whispered. 

     The cop glared at her angrily, removed his penis, and let
her legs drop to hang limply off the edge of the car. 

     "You little slut." The cop chastised her. His penis was
already softening. "Don't even know how to fuck right. I'll show
you." 

     Debbie didn't seem to care. She had already gotten what she
wanted. But the cop felt otherwise. He pulled his .38 from his
gunbelt and cocked the hammer. Debbie's eyes widened. "Come here
and swallow THIS!" he commanded. 

     Debbie jumped upright and stared down the gunbarrel. He
shook his limp penis at her. "Come on, NOW!" he grabbed her by
the hair and pulled her head to his waist, pressing the gun
against her temple. Debbie took his cock in her hand and stuffed
it in her mouth. The soft flesh sat limply on her tongue. 

     "Now do what I tell you and you won't get hurt," the cop
instructed. Debbie nodded obediently. "Now swallow and don't
spill a drop." said the cop as he proceeded to urinate in
Debbie's mouth. Debbie wrinkled her face, but kept her mouth
firmly closed around the cops prick. Her eyes watered as she
swallowed what must have seemed like gallons of warm urine
injected right into her throat. The cop smiled. "You make a right
pretty urinal, ma'am. Hope you don't mind the flavor, but
someone's got to teach you a lesson." 

     The cop tensed his buttocks and spasmed. He then pulled his
cock out of her mouth as she frowned with distaste. "Now just
remember," said the cop as he strapped on his gunbelt, "never
start what you can't finish." 

     And with the words hanging in the air, he walked up the road
to his patrol car, and drove away. 
     I stood, guiltily aware of the growing bulge in my pants,
and walked over to comfort the poor girl.

                     THE BEAUTIFUL IMBECILE 

She resided at the local Bordello.  She had the body of a goddess:
blonde, tanned and firm, with stately breasts that stood out
proudly; perfect legs and thighs, a rounded ass that moved
seductively when she walked, the face of an angel. But she had
been born retarded and had the mind of a small child.  Her mother
had been one of the call girls. 

     The only alternative to keeping the girl at the Bordello had
been turning her over to a government institution.  So she had
been raised by the ladies of the Bordello, and the customers. 
She had been slowly schooled in the ways to please men, and it
suited her perfectly; for retarded children take pleasure in the
simple feeling of affection and the thrill of sex. 

     To simplify her grooming and add to the eroticism of her
appearance, the ladies had all her hair below the neck removed by
electrolysis.  When she was still a very little girl, she had
been shown how good it felt to play with her tiny clitoris, and
had gleefully taken to rubbing it.  Encouraged in her natural
tendency to masturbate often, she had the best of lubricants,
stimulants and instruction.  As she grew, the ladies found boys
and then men with ever larger penises to exercise her growing
vagina.  She had been given only to men who treated her with
kindness, and so she learned the pleasures of cunnilingus and
caresses.  When finally puberty had begun to render her a
beautiful woman, she immersed herself in the new electricity she
felt when her enlarging nipples were sucked; how her growing but
still perfectly bare vagina began to open when she felt the
electricity, and produce delicious liquid the help the mens'
penises stroke in her so easily; how her lips and anus both
became more sensitive so she could be overwhelmed by pleasure in
many places. Daily the ladies bathed and oiled and exercised her,
and shared her delight in sex with the understanding customers;
some of the staff ladies also sought her company. 

     When I came to know her, I felt at ease in her presence; for
she was simple, good natured, and never left any question as to
her motives. 

     The first time I saw her, I had been ushered into her room
where she sat on her low bed while two of the Bordello ladies did
her makeup. 

     The sun shone through a large window, rendering transparent
the baby-doll pajama top that hung cantilevered from her very
firm breasts with the huge pink nipples that seemed topped with
little erect penises. 

     As she was sitting cross-legged, I saw the dark pink of her
nude pussy; as the ladies worked on her, her finger played lazily
with her protruding clit. 

     To the envy of the other working girls, she orgasmed
inexhaustibly, and her vaginal muscles had grown strong from this
constant exercise. 

     Her child's mind cared not at all for money, and so she
received much affection from the others, who shared in the profit
from her play.  She took pleasure in what gave others pleasure,
and the ladies had painstakingly taught her how to make love with
every opening of her body, and then they taught her how to make
love to themselves. 

     She spent much of her time practicing with each lady, to
give the tongue-flick or tender suction or manual vaginal and
anal manipulation which that particular lady enjoyed. 

     So it was not surprising that the others would stay with
her, if a customer wished, while she gave him his pleasure; it
was also her pleasure, and the pride of the others in her
training.  They would hold her reassuringly when a new customer
came, and encourage her in her own pleasure. 

     When they had finished with her makeup, the two ladies gave
me a demonstration.  All that was needed, they told me, was an
erotic touch.  One of them stroked her down the belly, then
gently brushed her ass with a hand.  Soon the girl was breathing
faster, smiling.  She pressed with both hands on the bone above
her vagina, pulling and pushing to stretch and rub the folds of
skin around her clit against one another.  She never touched her
clit, yet in a few moments her eyes opened wide and her vagina
and anus gave a huge squeeze and kept pumping.  Her face looked
like a baby who had suckled to contentment as one of the ladies
hugged her. 

     My cock was straining painfully against my pants, and the
other ladies helped me get my clothes off.  As my erection sprang
out, the beautiful imbecile smiled clearly, looking straight in
my eyes.

     As I approached her, she grasped it and pressed it to her
vagina, rubbing herself with it, holding it close, wanting me to
know my penis was loved.  She so obviously took pleasure in it,
pressing my shaft to herself so I could feel her vagina
contracting on me as she throbbed, that I was greatly aroused. 
The total absence of hair made her feel so smooth and warm that
before I knew it, I was spurting great geysers of cum over her
belly and breasts, little drops landing on the large nubbly
plains of her magnificent nipples. 

     And I could feel her cumming also, her vagina pulsing on the
underside of my cock as we felt each other orgasm. 

     I walked to the bed to relax.  As I sat down she leaned over
me to lick my cock gently clean.  She hugged me, like a child. 
Then she produced two dildos, attached at their bases to a cord. 
The ladies lubricated them, leaned her back on her elbows, and
slowly inserted first the vaginal and then the anal pacifier. 
She held them in with her hands, closing her eyes, her vagina and
anus visibly suckling on them.  They slipped a belt around her
waist and tied the cord attaching the dildos to it so it held
them in securely. 

     They sat beside her, and each began to stroke one of her
rounded breasts.  The girl put an arm around each one, hugging
them closer to her.  As she squeezed ecstatically on the two
pacifiers, liquid began to flow from around the vaginal dildo
with every throb.  The two lightened their touch, now just
brushing the large nipples with their fingers in time to the
girl's contractions.  In a short time they had elicited another
powerful orgasm.  I thought they would stop, but they pressed her
breasts a bit harder, and one of them leaned over to hug the girl
warmly.  The orgasm never stopped; the contractions had decreased
in intensity, but now they resumed and I watched fascinated as
she continued steadily to orgasm, eyes lidded and breathing hard,
sometimes glancing to see that I was pleased. 

     It was the continuing that did it: somehow, her constant
cumming reawakened my penis, made me want to feel the contentment
she showed.  Now they moved her so our legs intertwined, and one
of them held my rising erection to her clitoris, which stood out
proudly from its hood, next to the valley created by the cord. 
The lady touched my cock to the juices flowing over the girl's
buns, and began slowly to masturbate me while applying more of
the juice.  Soon my cock was fully hard, and with a swift motion,
she untied the cord, slipped out the vaginal dildo, and with her
hand gently guided my rejuvenated member into the opening, which
was still contracting rhythmically.  I felt as though I was still
recovering from my earlier orgasm; relaxing, sleepy. 

     But my penis was not playing along, the magnificent powerful
squeezes of the girl's tireless orgasm pulled me erect, kept my
penis tingling. The ladies moved to me.  It was time, they told
me.  The two pressed their breasts against me, intertwining their
arms as they surrounded and held me, touching my cock when it was
revealed each time I moved outward, kissing my neck, pinching my
nipples and stroking my belly as I fucked the girl, whose
contractions now became more powerful as I became more aroused. 
When I moved in, her vagina would pull at my penis with a rolling
suction from the base to the head.  I was on my knees now, and
one of the two was holding my testicles and pressing the
underside of my cock when it withdrew, cradling me, holding me. 
"Let us all feel you cum", she whispered, and the other lady
reached to hold the base of my cock as I stroked.  They held me
tight as the cum began to rise, building in tension so I barely
needed to move, exploding into the girl with a force that
surprised me, and continuing so that for a while we both seemed
to be constantly cumming, pulsating together forever, she
suckling my spurting semen. 
 
------------ 
 
     Before I visited her again I sent a friend who I knew would
enjoy her to make her acquaintance alone.  So when we returned
together, she was unafraid, knowing both of us, having suckled
and orgasmed on both our penises, tasted both our semen.  This
time we sent the ladies-in-waiting away. 

     We were alone with this utterly submissive nymph whose major
pleasure was the heights of sexual stimulation.  We had arranged
for her to be dressed in a skimpy costume consisting mainly of
straps; the top part cradled each breast but thrust the nipples
out through slits, so they were slightly distorted.  The bottom
was a mere outline, highlighting the naked peach of her pussy and
the round shape of each cheek of her lovely ass.  We had also had
her prepared with an enema and a coating of glistening lubricant
on her openings.  The ladies assured us that she had no
opportunity to masturbate all day and so would be quite ready. 
When they left, her hand darted to her hungry pussy and she began
to arouse herself. 

     She smiled when we undressed, happy to see us and our
penises.  I began by filling her now wet vagina with myself and
pumping vigorously until I filled her with my first load of
semen.  Then I rolled away, leaving my friend to fill the
just-vacated warmth and relieve the desire that had built up.

     They copulated for a long time, during which she was
steadily cumming.  Watching had aroused me again, and I was idly
masturbating when he finished, the sheets wet with our pleasures. 
I pulled her head to my cock to keep it hard while he relaxed.

     Soon he began to recover his erection, and I showed her that
I wanted her to suck him to full hardness.  I moved her so she
knelt before him with her ass in the air, exposing her delicious
rosebud hole to me.  I got on my knees behind her and began to
press the head of my penis into her anus.  With amazing ease it
began to enter her, and I could feel her throbs grow stronger,
squeezing me as I slid so easily in.  She quickened her motions
on him also, and he began to breathe faster.  I turned her around
now, pulling out of her and motioning her to replace me with his
now rock-rigid penis.  She slid her rear to him as he lay on his
side, reached back and helped him refill her.

      Relief was visible on her face as he entered her.  She lay
facing me, as though she might be simply relaxing.  Though I
could not see it, I knew that there was a hard cock in her anus,
bringing a warm pleasant look to her face.  I lay down facing
her, and she put her arms out to me and pulled me close.  I
lifted her leg and now saw my friend's balls and the base of his
penis as he was slowly pumping her.  She had a look of desire on
her face, and her pussy looked lonely as it moved with his
strokes, being manipulated only indirectly.  She put her hand on
my cock and guided it to her entrance.  Slowly I entered her,
much more slowly than my friend's strokes, so that I felt the
movements of his cock pressuring her; the point of contact was
slowly moving down my shaft as her vagina engulfed more of it. 
Finally I was fully in her, my erection lying still to feel her
throbbing as the cock behind her pussy generated exquisite
strokes of pleasure on mine. 

     We pumped her slowly, first alternating then timing our
strokes simultaneously.  Slowly, languidly, the three of us let
our excitement rise.  She would reach to her clitoris when she
fell behind, and one of us would slow down so the other could
stay apace.  After a long time, we were all poised on the
threshold of orgasm, all panting.  The crescendo was approaching
and she turned her head to be reassured by my friend that he was
ready, then nestled it against my chest.  She was the spark that
set us off, her hips quivering as she came down hard on our cocks
with a gigantic squeeze.  We erupted together, each of us feeling
the orgasming of two others encouraging our cumming to continue,
to throb again and again, to fill her with semen unending,
sometimes all throbbing at the same time, a team effort at
simultaneous expiation.  I had never come for so long, so many
pulsations, and, I was sure, so much creamy semen. 

     We all lay there for a time, coming down, returning to the
world pleasantly drained and at peace.  Our two erections
subsided very slowly.

                       THE PREGNANT GIRL 
 
     Even with her breasts pulled heavily down, her cleavage
aroused me.  Her dress was too short, her sauntering walk in the
August heat too inviting for a mother.  When we were finally
alone, I told her I'd never seen a pregnant lady naked.  'I would
feel so much better that way...it's so hot...', she responded; so
we both worked to peel off the awkward clothes.  Her breasts, no
longer restrained, hung full, almost touching the swollen belly. 
Her nipples were dark and very large, and grew instantly erect
when the cool air touched her perspiration.  I touched one of
them.  'They're so sensitive..', she invited, and I tasted it
gently.  We fell on the couch.  When I touched her thigh, she
lifted her leg.  Her pussy was dripping. 

     She had an almost perverse fascination for her sex parts. 
She told me how she likes to watch herself masturbating in a
large mirror, and how it arouses her to watch the contractions of
her vagina and anus when she cums. That, she explained, was how
she had gotten pregnant: alone one day, she had decided to spend
it with herself and her clitoris. 

     She had relaxed all day, and then unplugged her phone and
taken a very hot leisurely bath.  The steaming water made her
feel she was in a different world, floating warm and safe, far
from reality.  She titillated herself with delicate strokes of
her fingertips across her nipples and her belly as she shaved her
underarms, her legs, and all of her pubic hair.  She liked to see
herself as naked as she could, and so regularly shaved herself as
completely as possible, even becoming quite expert at the area
around her anus, which she could manage only by touch.  When the
water began to cool she had toweled off, slowly massaged body oil
into as much of herself as she could reach, coated her vaginal
and anal area liberally with heavy oil, wiped her hands and spent
some time brushing out her hair. 

     She lay back on a stack of pillows on her bed, facing a
large mirror, with a large drink.  She had a lamp that cast a
spotlight on the area between her legs, warming it as well.  The
bath and the oil made her skin feel very soft and sensitive, and
the steady drone of the air conditioner blotted out all noise. 
Usually when she masturbated she would fantasize, but now she
felt comfortable with herself, and wanted to feel her own fingers
stroking the silky smooth outer lips of her vagina slowly up and
down, pressing a bit on each trip as they passed over her
clitoris. 

     Presently in the mirror she saw the lips begin to pout and
then to part slightly.  Her loins began to tingle and she could
feel herself lubricating.  She propped her head with the pillows
so she could relax completely while watching the source of the
pleasure she was feeling.  She paused to squeeze one of her
nipples very hard, and noticed the subtle movement of her vagina
that accompanied the throb she felt.  She did it again, and a
droplet of her moisture began to trail down toward the pink of
her naked anus.  She pulled the lips apart with both hands,
causing her erect clit to stand out, throbbing visibly as she
tugged.  She began to stroke and squeeze the area just above her
clitoris very gently, rewarded with one throb for each stroke. 
She watched her inner lips begin to swell and pout.  The trail of
moisture had reached the entrance to her anus; she took pride in
the quantity of liquid she was generating. 

     Now, with a dollop of Vaseline on her middle finger she
began to rub back and forth across the upper part of her clit,
pressing more firmly as she became more aroused.  She lay her
head back, luxuriating in the comfort as the tingle grew in her
loins, welling stronger, until her vagina had begun to blossom
open in the crescendo before orgasm.  It spasmed hard in one of
those cums that left her still tingling, letting herself down
still rubbing slowly, holding one of her soft breasts in her
other hand.  The need was still there, and soon she had her
vibrator pressing next to her clit, bringing her toward another
climax, and then another. 

     She worked on herself until she felt drugged, lethargic
after hours of masturbating and many orgasms.  When one of the
local boys had walked in unannounced, she hadn't even tried to
stop him. 
 
----------------- 
 
     Now, she felt at peace, languid on warm summer days, and the
small movements within would comfort her.  Sometimes on a weekend
she spent all day in gentle orgasms.  In the morning, we would
eat without ever getting dressed, her swelling belly almost
resting on her thighs.  She ate slowly, tasting every mouthful;
then we would lay together, touching, kissing, teasing our bodies
and slowly making love. 

     Once she started, it took only warm words and gentle
pressure on her clitoris to produce several throbs.  She lay on
the couch listening to the stereo while I worked, stroking
herself to the slow music.  Sometimes I just sat and watched her
lovely nude vagina and anus, squeezing every so often to her
touches.  I'd come by, lean over and kiss her to a few throbs,
and she would take my penis in her mouth to run her tongue around
the head until it began to swell.  She just lay in her juices; it
would crust her buns, and when I came, my semen stayed where it
landed in a trickle down her chin and neck as she swallowed. 

     In the evening I brought dinner to her.  Eating reminded us
of the delicious things we'd tasted, and after eating she
continued her mild orgasms.  They were heavy, lazy, and her
nipples barely showed the erection of her earlier orgasms.  After
dark, I finished the chores while I watched her slowly press a
dildo at her pussy until it was swallowed completely.  I could
see her contract on it as she eased it in, and my penis was again
aroused.  I stood over her to have it sucked full hard while she
pushed the dildo with her heel, her hips slowly heaving. 

     The climax of our climaxes was a long, slow lovemaking. 
We'd get comfortable and I'd slide into the wet and tired pussy
in place of the rubber surrogate.  As we rocked together, she
would squeeze one of her nipples and one of mine, and I would do
the same.  Our identity had so merged that the distinction had
blurred between making love and masturbating. 

     We were lying on our sides, so she was able to take the
lower breast in both hands.  She squeezed the puffed aureole with
her thumbs and a squirt of milk ran over her hand. As she shifted
more to her back to lick it from her hand I leaned forward to
suck the swollen nipple.  A small quantity of milk flowed, and it
made her hotter.  "The other", she whispered, and I repeated what
had been done, tasting her warm, somehow familiar milk.  Now she
began to milk the breast in earnest, pulling with both hands. 
Hot streams of milk washed my chest, and I could feel her pussy
contract on me as her hands urged milk from the nipple.  Timing
my thrusts to her tit-milking, we brought her to the brink, and
held her there for many seconds.   With wide eyes, she pressed
her clit to me, using me to stimulate herself when needed,
holding the cum just on the edge as her vagina slowly expanded in
the wind-up before orgasm.  When finally it contracted on my
penis my orgasm was triggered, sending hot streams of semen to
mix with her juices and leaving us with eyes closed, wallowing in
a mixture of our secretions, feeling one another's fading throbs
as she pressed her belly and breasts to me, holding me tightly in
her arms.

                          THE SEX CLUB 

     Was a most amazing theater.  Circular, its perimeter was a
ring of spotlighted alcoves under columned arches, in the style
of a medieval church.  Also well lit, but less brightly, was the
main floor.  It was terraced like a small stadium with a round
playing field; everyone in it was easily visible, and every
surface was heavily padded. 

     Patrons were lounging, talking, relaxing.  But this was no
ordinary club, for the only clothing worn was decorative.  No one
hid their genitals, buttocks, or breasts.  They were in couples
or small groups. Some were stroking one another, or masturbating. 
On the far side of the arena some young couples were fucking
slowly on the padded benches. 

     In each alcove was a woman or man or couple or group, turned
on and displaying themselves for all to see.  Some were quite
frenzied in the passion before orgasm, and as I looked around the
alcoves, a few could be seen cumming.  I had a rock hard on. 
Never had I seen so many people enjoying themselves so
shamelessly.  The performers would orgasm, and soon rejoin the
audience, to be replaced by others. 

     In one alcove, a large closed-circuit TV magnified a plain
glass dish.  Several men had cum in it, some of whom now lay
watching.  A girl stood in the center of the alcove, moving
slowly, heavily.  She was tall with large features, was deeply
tanned, and just verging on too-large.  A pack of batteries was
strapped to her waist, from which a wire led to her nude
completely shaved peach slit.  She was breathing deeply, covered
with perspiration, her breasts heaving.  In the bright lights, a
clear glistening trail could be seen running down her thigh and
leg.   Now she turned the vibrator higher, inhaled sharply and
ground her hips forward.  Her movement shook the dish on the TV
screen so you could see the glittering semen.  She leaned back
against an elevated platform to steady herself; I was fascinated
by the voluptuous spread of her soft buttocks against the
platform, and the delicate jiggle of her large nipples. 

     She spread her legs apart and we all saw the end of the
inserted vibrator.  She touched a finger to the contents of the
glass dish, and slowly coated in turn her left and right nipples
and their large, dark aureole, then her puffed labia with a
liberal coating, then her mouth and lips.  From the next alcove
entered a couple.  The boy had been sucked for quite a while and
was about to cum.  The girl held his penis over the glass dish,
and with a few expert strokes added large drops of his hot semen
to the mixture. 

     After he recovered, the couple rejoined the audience.  The
voluptuous woman turned up the vibrator again; her spread vagina
was quivering at the edge of orgasm.  She lifted the newly
replenished dish and poured some of its contents on her
protruding clitoris, then sipped the remainder to hold in her
mouth.  The audience drew closer to watch.  Her orgasm began with
several rapid contractions and a loud groan.  She slid lower as
she reflexively pulled her knees up, and closed her eyes tightly,
her long hair matted against her sweaty shoulders and the cum on
her face.  The contractions became slower but stronger; she sped
up the vibrator for a second, and an incredible squeeze hid the
vibrator, turned her anus into a dark puckered tuft, and gushed
honey down her buns and onto her thighs.  Her nipples were bumpy
and rock rigid as her breasts heaved.  A creamy trickle on her
chin betrayed the liquid she held in her mouth. 

     Eventually the contractions abated, and she threw her head
back, resting on her elbows on the platform.  The girl whose
lover had provided the last contribution to the glass dish had
been masturbating as she watched; now she rose and went to the
performer, who was still having mild contractions.  Bending
forward exposed her finger still rubbing her own clit as she
leaned to kiss the voluptuous woman deeply.  She was trying to
get the cum into her own mouth, but succeeded mainly in covering
both their faces with it.  As I turned my attention elsewhere,
the girl was returning to kiss her lover with now very slippery
lips, and the voluptuous woman had turned the vibrator up again
and was rising toward another climax. 
 
                ---------------------------------------------- 
 
     In another alcove, a well-built blonde was being
gang-banged.  She reclined on pillows, her arms shackled to the
stone wall behind her, knees pulled upward and apart by padded
rings on ropes.  Her position splayed her ample breasts, and
there was a dark wet area on the padding between her buttocks, so
wet it glistened.  Like a boxer between rounds, an older woman
was wiping her face while another mopped her shaved, swollen
vagina.  She squeezed hard, ejecting the last liquid over her
delicate anus, as the old woman cleaned her and applied more
lubricant. 

     Now into the spotlight walked a couple.  His wet erection
and her wet reddened mouth spoke of their preparation.  The girl
held his cock, and moved to sit next to the blonde woman,
snuggled against her hip.  She led the penis she had fellated so
that the tip touched the blonde's clit and rubbed it up and down. 
The blonde began to respond, which turned the girl on.  She held
his cock at its base and guided it into the blonde, fucking her
with it as she studied the blonde's reactions.  The guy acquired
his own motivation, and began to move powerfully, while his girl
pressed against the imprisoned blonde to feel her movements, her
hand still holding the base of his penis.  Soon the girl's face
showed she was feeling the throbs of his cumming, and she reached
now with both hands to cradle his pulsations while the blonde
wiggled against her.  Now she urged him to withdraw, knelt and
carefully and slowly licked the juices from his declining penis. 
The blonde, not having cum, was very hot; when the old women
began to wipe her, she motioned them quickly away. 

     A man with a very large hard-on was next in line.  He walked
directly to her, put his hands on her knees, and slid easily into
her well lubricated opening in one long stroke that filled her
vagina and opened her eyes wide.  He pumped her so vigorously her
breasts bobbed in rhythm.  He spoke her name as he tirelessly
pumped his massive organ, wet as he withdrew it on each long
stroke between her wet and oiled lips.  She began to grind her
hips to increase the force even more; her body tensed, her
nipples stood out, she strained against her restraints.  She
yelped as she came, and he stopped for a moment to feel her
throbbing.  Then he resumed pumping, she still climaxing.  Now,
as his face showed he was near orgasm, he pulled out and knelt
beside her, pressing his about-to-explode horse cock against her
face with both hands.  She became even more excited, struggling
vainly to reach it with her hands.  We watched his cock swell in
a final spasm, then pulsating shots of semen hit her face, her
hair.  He twisted to deposit large dollops on her belly and her
quivering breasts. As his orgasm faded, he milked several drops
onto a nipple.  Then he bent to kiss her, and as he left the two
attendants returned to prepare the still-undulating body for
another ride. 
 
                        -------------------------------- 
 
     Having moved close to observe the action, several of us were
crowded together.  I felt other bodies; I was realizing the
fantasy I have when I purposely rub against women in a crowded
saloon.  Soft breasts and buttocks brushed my skin, and my
erection touched some of them.  A woman whose butt my hard-on had
pressed against turned and gave it a squeeze, smiled at me, then
walked on.  I moved beside a short young woman and looked down at
ample, well-stuffed bosoms and a healthy sprinkling of freckles
in her cleavage.  Her nipples were erect; quite small for the
size of her breasts and very red, like strawberries.  I turned
and pretended to accidentally touch her, but as I did she took my
arm and held the back of my hand to her warm belly, pressing a
rounded breast into my arm.  I pulled her away from the crowd and
found a space on the padding, watching her buttocks undulate as I
walked behind her. 

     When we were sitting, she pulled a pill bottle from her bag. 
They were 'Ludes, she explained, and poured out two of them for
each of us.  We watched each other's faces as we swallowed them. 
We talked and touched hands for a while, and then the drug began
to loosen us like a few stiff drinks.  We sat facing and reached
to one another's genitals.  She studied my penis as she held it,
looked up to see the expression on my face.  A couple next to us
were masturbating each other with lubricant; we asked to borrow
some.  The woman produced a bottle and handed it to the freckled
girl, who began to rub some on me. 

     This woman was a tall, slender strawberry blonde; her long
hair was quite disheveled and she was covered with sweat.  Her
man was a well-muscled middle aged fellow sitting cross-legged
with his stout, heavily-veined penis standing proud and
glistening with lubricant, bobbing as it throbbed.  She stared at
the freckled girl with large gray eyes.  While her man continued
to grip her with his thumb on her clit and two fingers in her
pussy, she reached to help the freckled girl grease my penis. 

     Her hands began to stray, stroking the freckled girl, who
closed her eyes and became absorbed in the stroking.  Now she
pulled the freckled girl to lie beside her, then took my arm and
pulled me to lie beyond, facing her and the freckled girl.  The
woman turned on her side, and her man, who had lost the
stimulation she was giving him with her hands, mounted her from
behind.  I could see on her face when his penis filled her.  As
she became more amorous, she began to masturbate both of us. 
Panting a bit, she bent close to the freckled girl's ear.  In a
husky whisper, she told the girl that she would fill her with my
cock, and that she wanted to feel us cum. 

     She lifted the girl's leg, revealing her finger on the
girl's clit and the girl's swollen vagina.  Reaching between the
girl's legs, she pulled my cock near the honey-covered pussy and
stroked us both, expertly.  She said she wanted to watch my face
when I cum, and for me to watch her, and know she was filled with
a hard cock.  She said she had cum several times on this cock
already, but her pussy was squeezing it now, pulsating on it as
she spoke, and she was getting hot again.  It was having people
to feel, she said, to touch as they squirm and spasm in orgasm,
that was tingling her.  As I looked into her eyes, she moved my
throbbing penis into the girl. 

     I felt the hot wetness sliding over me as I leaned back to
fill her completely, the blonde woman's hand now on the base of
my penis behind my balls.  I could tell the girl had been
fucking; she felt soft and open, already wetted with semen.  

     The blonde woman was getting quite high, and her face had a
look of desperate pleasure.  She was looking directly into my
eyes, and her hand was pressing warmly and firmly on the base of
my cock as she moved me in and out of the ample girl.  She lifted
her leg high so I could see her man's cock moving in her, and
told us she was going to cum on the hard penis that was pumping
her, and hoped we would pleasure her with the feeling of our
cumming. 

     Her face began to tremble as she was tensing for an orgasm. 
She urged my cock deep into the girl, and pushed her thumb to the
girl's anus.  The girl put her arms around me and pulled herself
hard against me, and I felt her vagina open and then throb
sharply on me.  It was all I could take.  My cum rose quickly and
spurted into the girl.  The blonde looked at me as she felt my
cock spasming, then half-closed her eyes to savor my throbs as
she jerked with the first pulsation of her own orgasm.  And as my
orgasm continued, I saw the blonde's purple vagina throb on her
man's large penis, and then his pulsations, and creamy semen
began to seep from her as her eyes released me and slowly closed. 
It seemed the two women pulsated in concert, hungry suckling to
extract the cream from the firm warm organs filling them.

                   THE GIRL WITH THE TATTOOS 

     Had open innocent grey-green eyes and freckles everywhere,
and pert little breasts that pressed hard little nipples against
the satin blouse she wore.  On her hands were many silver rings,
and peeking from her blouse was a large flower tattoo that I
imagined painted most of her left breast.  She wore too much
cheap makeup, and there were small scars bruises on her freckled
legs.  There was something in her eyes, submission mixed with
eagerness, that made me wonder how her face would look in orgasm. 
She flirted openly, and so I asked her to dinner.  As we faced
each other across the small table she must have read my mind, as
she delicately asked my sexual preferences.  I kept catching her
looking at me, and by the time we left, it was a problem to keep
my erection from showing. 

     We went to her place.  Her roommate and the roommate's
boyfriend were there.  The tattooed girl said hello to him and
kissed him, and for a moment I felt a pang of jealousy, for it
was too long and too hot for just friends.  But when she
introduced her roommate to me, the roommate followed their
precedent and kissed me.  It was a heated kiss, as though she
were trying to draw something out of me; her lips parted and I
felt her hips move against mine.  When the introductions were
over, I was breathing heavily. 

     We sat facing on a pair of couches.  I asked the tattooed
girl where the picture on her chest ended.  "Want to see ?", she
asked, and began to unbutton her shirt.  She pulled it open to
reveal a well-rendered surreal serpent on the background of
freckles that faded away on her soft smooth breasts.  Its head,
the part that showed above her blouse, was a flower; the tail was
a bronze-scaled coil that wrapped her breast.  The end of the
serpent was drawn on the aureole, as though trying to titillate
the upturned nipple.  "She drew it", she informed me, smiling at
her girl friend.  "She'll paint you, too, if you want".  While I
was absorbed in studying the artwork and its soft background, the
roommate opened her guy's shirt and, after some hesitation, his
pants as well.  She stood him up and slipped his pants and
underwear down.  On the front of his hip, where a bathing suit
would hide it, began a similar serpent, except with the head of a
bronze penis.  The tail zigzagged to the base of his cock and
faded out halfway down it.  She touched the underside of his cock
and smiled.  The effect was a two-headed snake, one end of which
was now rising in small steps.  He was staring at the tattooed
girl's chest, and the girls were appraising his stiffening penis. 
"Let's go to the pool", one of them said.  It was late, and they
knew we would be alone there. 

     So we all removed our clothes, the girls looking carefully
at me.  They gave me a spare suit.  It was specially made: split
up one side and held closed with Velcro.  It could be opened and
would hang on one thigh while allowing total freedom.  The girls'
tops had a similar design; the straps crossed in front, and were
fastened there with Velcro to the cups, so the straps stayed at
their necks for easy refastening.  The roommate whispered
something to Tattoo, and she giggled and put her hand to her
bush, and smiled and nodded.  The guy and I had to tie towels
around our waists to cover our hard-ons, but finally we were
ready for the short walk to the pool. 

     The familiar scent of chlorine and the hot still night
relaxed me, but wondering what was to come kept me excited.  We
swam for a short time.  The pool had steps at the shallow end in
a corner, where we sat waist-deep in the warm water, the girls
next to each other at the intersection.  In the rippling dim
light reflected from the pool, they stared at one another.  They
pulled open each other's tops and moved very close until their
hard nipples touched, without speaking.  Their nipples were stiff
enough to see the depression made in their soft breasts when they
pressed together.  I slid closer to Tattoo and kissed her
shoulder.  The flower-serpent seemed to be constricting on the
roommate's compact breast.  She pressed her head against mine,
but kept looking at her friend.  The other guy had opened his
girl's bottoms and was stroking her pubic hair.  Her nipples were
smaller than Tattoo's, tight little buttons. As he touched her,
they puckered harder.  I turned my attention to Tattoo, stroking
her, pulling her bottoms open, petting her ass, sliding against
her.  When I looked up, the other couple had moved; she sat
facing away from him on his legs, ass thrust backwards, while he
leaned against the wall of the pool.  His eyes were closed, but
hers were sparkling.  Supported by the water, she was subtly
moving against him, a little farther back with each motion.  A
small jar was open on the poolside.  I realized it was a jar of
Vaseline, and that she was slowly working her anus onto his hard
cock, just under the water.  Her eyes began to close, and though
they were leaning apart, they seemed to be cuddling. 

     Tattoo turned to look at me.  She looked down and pulled the
velcro on my suit to free my straining penis, and then looked
straight into my eyes, questioning.  I turned her around to lean
on the edge of the pool where it was shallow enough that the
water did not cover our genitals.  Her softly rounded buttocks
gleamed in the dim light.  "Watch me" she said to her girl
friend, and I turned her a bit so the others could have a good
view.  Now she reached for the jar, put a large dab on her middle
finger, and reached around to lubricate her anus well.  Her
finger circled the tight opening, then dipped expertly into it
for a moment, like lips licking freshly-made whipped cream from
the spoon.  She reached back to me, touching my hard cock,
caressing the head with Vaseline, and urging me forward.  I held
her hips and let her hand guide my movements.  The hole was very
tight at first, but she motioned me to press it rhythmically, and
as I worked it began to loosen, allowing the end of my cock to
finally enter her.  She began to pant, and pulled me toward her
more.  In a sudden thrilling stroke, I felt her open and slip
around the head of my penis, holding me in a tight pulsating
grip. 

     The others had moved to the deeper water.  The roommate had
wrapped her legs around her lover's so as to hold herself
backward to him, fully inserted.  They were looking at Tattoo's
ass with my cock buried halfway in the delicious opening.  While
the guy worked slowly within her, the roommate walked him closer
and reached out to place her palm on Tattoo's ass.  Now she
reached over it to hold it with both hands, staring with loving
fascination at my cock moving slowly in the throbbing hole.  She
pulled Tattoo's ass apart so we could all see the contractions
that squeezed me.  She laid her face on Tattoo's ass-cheek and
reached under to titillate my balls, feel my cock, feel Tattoo's
anus squeezing, and finally to caress her clitoris. 

     Now with one hand holding the base of my penis and the other
rubbing Tattoo we began to work in earnest.  Tattoo began to moan
softly and the guy began to move more quickly, causing the
roommate to breathe faster and rub Tattoo harder.  I could feel
Tattoo opening up, loosening the grip on my cock as her throbbing
quickened.  My orgasm was building closer, and so was hers.  The
guy groaned as he began to pump semen into the roommate, who
slumped on Tattoo but kept rubbing.  Tattoo's grasp on me yawned
very loose, and I knew she was going to cum as I did, throbs
mixed with throbs, the roommate feeling my penis and Tattoo's
anus while we came, semen oozing in large drools from her,
lubricating her more, making it easy to slide and feel the
strong, vibrant contractions. 

------------------------------ 

     Later, we relaxed at the apartment.  It wasn't late, and
none of us felt the need to dress.  Tattoo's roommate was
squirmy, not having cum in the pool, but her boyfriend and I were
spent.  "We won't let it go to waste", Tattoo told her, and went
to the bedroom.  When she returned, she was carrying a very long
double dildo and the small jar of Vaseline.  So the girls
arranged us at each end of the couch so they could recline on us,
lying crotch to crotch.  With Tattoo's head on my chest, I had a
beautiful view of her roommate's still-wet pussy as she worked
her end of the dildo in.  Soon both the girls' pussies were
contentedly suckling the dildo as they rubbed their clits.  I
lifted one of Tattoo's legs up high so I could touch her anus. 
As I did, she snuggled closer and nodded her head.  With a slight
pressure, the already-loosened opening accepted my finger.  "You
need to catch up to us", she told her roommate, who muttered
"mm-hmm" and pressed harder on herself.  The guy was squeezing
both her nipples hard, now in time to her hip motions.  A few
more moments of masturbation and her pussy was contracting
strongly on the rubber, leaving it slick and wet when her
contractions forced some of it outward. 

     For me, that was the end of my relaxing.  I had to shift
Tattoo so my rising penis could escape.  I guided her off the
dildo, and rolled her over so she was crouched facing the way she
had been, and moved her back to her roommate.  Her lovely ass
moved proudly as her vagina regained the comfort of the rubber
device which communicated her friend's motions, her hands under
her to masturbate.  I kneeled behind her, over the dildo, which
was long enough to allow my presence.  I placed the head of my
penis at her anus, still lubricated and, at its center, wet from
my earlier cum.  It began to yield as before, but this time more
quickly, ready to open for me as I pressed slightly harder with
each stroke.  Soon it engulfed the entire head, Tattoo murmuring
contentment.  As I stroked her with slight motions, more pressure
than moving, I felt her orgasm begin, a continuation of her
earlier throbs.  There was no preliminary crescendo, just
continuing squeezes on me as I worked deeper.  As we enjoyed
ourselves, we sensed the other couple leaving the couch to Tattoo
and me and the dildo. 

______________ 
 
     Then we males had an idea.  The other couple sat facing us
on the other couch.  We sat the girls on our laps, facing away so
we could watch them while we all made love.  Tattoo and I studied
the ridged underside of the guy's penis standing straight up,
engulfed in waves by an already dripping vagina.  And he watched
intently as Tattoo slid herself onto me, her warmth a rolling
heat wave down my cock.  Now, as Tattoo and I took turns toying
with Tattoo's clitoris, the other couple put on a show.  She
raised herself so about half of his cock showed, and began to
stroke it with her hand.  On each stroke she touched her own clit
briefly, but she was working mainly on him.  Her eyes were on
Tattoo and me; she was interested in our reaction.  She raised
more, masturbated his cock until he was quite hot, then lowered
herself onto him to prolong the ecstasy.  She stroked up & down
with her body a few times, then again lifted.  With both hands
she urged his explosion, the head of his cock firmly within her,
but most of the shaft exposed for Tattoo and me to observe. 
Tattoo gasped as his penis contracted and began to throb.  Soon
his semen began to run down over his testicles, and she reached
to push the precious lubricant to her clit.  Before he had
finished, she too was cumming on him, slumping forward to our
applause. 

---------------- 

     A shaft of sunlight in my eyes half awakened me.  Tattoo lay
facing away from me in her bed, sleeping soundly.  I carefully
pulled the sheet down to look at her in the light.  Now I saw
that she had shaved her anus (or, I thought jealously, more
likely someone else had that pleasure).  It still retained in its
tiny folds some of the lubricant from the night before, and there
was a dried trail of my semen leading from it.  As I lay there
admiring her softly rounded form, she began to stir in her sleep,
moving to press her rear against me.  Warmed, I dozed.  I awoke
with a morning erection and Tattoo staring at it.  Sleepily she
rolled away, then heaved toward me.  I turned on my side to meet
her.  She reached to her anus to test its slickness with a
finger.  Apparently it was sufficient, because she moved closer
and used her hand to lift her buttocks apart.  I placed my penis
at the now familiar opening, and she began slowly and sleepily to
rock her hips, just enough to apply light pressure.  The sun had
moved; now it illuminated our point of meeting, making clear the
contours of her flesh as it yielded to each of her movements. 
She sighed as she lengthened her strokes to press the head of my
rock-hard penis into herself.  Soon we were again connected as we
had been, but with a sleepy gentleness overlaying our subdued
excitement.

                           STORY # 1 
                  THE MASTER CHRIS COLLECTION 
                      THE DOCTOR'S OFFICE 
________________________________________________________________ 
 
     One night I promise to treat you to a night of pleasure such
as you've never had before.  The only catch is, I say, that you
must obey my every word.  We get in the car and I take you to a
downtown skyscraper office complex.  I bring you to an empty
doctor's waiting room and tell you to wait and that you will be
told what to do then I leave.  

     You sit nervously in the waiting room.  These kinds of
places never made you feel very comfortable anyway and you are
anxiously wondering what you will be asked to do.  

     A few minutes later, a nurse comes out into the waiting
room.  She is tall with dark hair, a good figure; definitely the
no-nonsense type.  She tells you to follow her and immediately
turns around a walks back down the corridor of the office.  

     You follow her down the short hallway and into an examining
room.  

     She turns around and tells you to remove all your clothing
including your watch and jewelry and to put on the gown then she
leaves the room.  Feeling some apprehension, you follow her
instructions.

     The gown is the standard hospital issue.  It is worn with
the opening at the back and comes down to mid-thigh. There is
only one tie at the back at the neck.  You tie the one tie and as
you raise your hands to do so, feel the back of the gown part to
expose your bottom.  You feel particularly vulnerable.  

     You wait for what seems like forever (about 5 minutes) for
someone to come in.  You spend the time looking around.  It is
pretty much like any examining room.  The stirrups at the end of
the table cause a little chill to go up your spine and the
instruments on the counter cause you to shudder.  

     Finally the nurse returns.  She stands directly in front of
you for a moment looking you up and down then she says, "Clasp
your hands behind your head."  You do so, feeling once again the
gown parting behind you.  She then reaches down and grasping the
hem of the gown, pulls it up to the level of your neck.  You are
completely exposed to her.  She holds the gown up for a long
moment and then drops it.  

     "Follow me", she says.  She turns and walks out, past the
waiting room and into the main corridor beyond.  She holds the
door open for you to follow.  She walks down the hallway and
presses the elevator button.  You are now REALLY nervous.  "What
if someone sees me in this gown?! What if someone in on the
elevator?!  Where is she taking me?!", you think.  The elevator
opens and blissfully, there is no one there. 

     The nurse takes you down to the 14th floor and along a
similar corridor.  You enter another doctor's office and walk
past his waiting room and into his office.  The nurse motions you
inside. She closes the door behind you.  

     Inside the dimly lit office you see four men.  They are all
approximately 35 years old.  Behind the desk in obviously the
doctor.  He is wearing the standard white coat and seems to be in
charge.  The other men are all well dressed and as you look
around you see me sitting in a corner. 

     You are acutely aware that your only garment is the flimsy
hospital gown.  Your palms feels moist as you watch the four men
looking at you.  You notice also in this brief moment, that you
are moist elsewhere too.  

     The doctor points to a side door and tells you to enter. 
You do so, and find another examining room much like the one you
undressed in.  The doctor follows you in and starts with a
standard examination of your heart, lungs etc.  Then he tells you
to remove your gown.  He takes it from you and hangs it on a hook
on the door.  

     He has you sit on the edge of the examining table and
touches your breasts.  His hands are dry and cool as they touch
your warm body.  He squeezes each breast carefully and then
squeezes the nipples.  "I want you to tell me which gives you
more pleasure, pulling on your nipples gently like this or
pulling on them very hard like this."  "Very hard", you say.  The
doctor lets go of your nipples and without saying anything else
leaves the room.  

     Your nipples are tingling.  A moment later the nurse
returns. "Lie down on the table.", she says.  You lie back
against the cold paper of the table.  The nurse opens one of the
drawers and pulls out several leather straps.  Your heart jumps. 
The nurse fastens one strap to each wrist.  The leather straps
are sturdy with felt lining and a metal clip on the outside.  The
nurse continues, attaching leather straps to your ankles and to
your thighs just above the knee.  "Slide down to the end of the
table.", she says.  You know now exactly what position you will
be put in.  The nurse places your feet in the metal stirrups and
adjusts them for maximum exposure.  She then fastens your knees
so they are held wide apart.  Your ankle straps are attached to
the stirrups so there is no possibility of your getting up before
you are released. Moving to the head of the table, she takes your
hands and attaches them to a clip there.  You are now exposed
totally.  

     The nurse then lowers the section of the table that is
between your legs.  You feel her gaze on your pussy and you are
embarrassed to feel how wet you now are.  The nurse reaches down
and you feel her grasp the sensitive lips of your pussy with her
long fingernails.  She pulls them gently but firmly apart to
uncover your last defense.  She sees how wet you are and smiles,
"You'll enjoy this, I think".  

     She then goes to the door of the doctor's office and says,
"She's ready for you now doctor."  The doctor enters after a
moment and looks down at your naked body.  You are so hot, you
can't help your hips moving a little bit.  The doctor moves to a
drawer and takes out two strange looking devices that look like
large paper clips.  "My job is to prepare you.", says the doctor. 
He takes the two clips and attaches one to each nipple already
hard with excitement.  They pinch the nipples feeling almost
exactly like the pinching of your nipples by the doctor a several
minutes before.  He then sits down between your legs.  He pulls
gently at your pubic hair and says, "This will have to go, but
not this time."  You hear him putting on his gloves and then a
moment later you feel his fingers at the lips of your pussy.  The
touch is electric.  You let out a little moan and your hips jump
at the touch.  The doctor then slides two fingers deep into your
pussy while the thumb of his other hand touches your clitoris. 
He keeps moving those fingers back and forth and every time you
feel about to come he stops.  After several minutes of this, he
pulls away.  You are aware of the heat from each nipple still
entrapped in the clips.  Now a well lubricated finger slides
slowly into your bottom.  He moves it in and out.  You can't help
gasping when he goes particularly deep. After another couple of
moments he stands up.  He looks at you and smiles, "I think an
enema is in order here."  You feel a blush hit your face.  You
have never had an enema but what you know of them doesn't seem
pleasant.  The doctor removes the nipple clips and leaves the
room.  

     You feel your own juices seeping down your bottom.  After a
couple of minutes, the door opens again and a boy perhaps 17 or
18 years old walks in wearing a white lab coat.  He looks at you
and immediately blushes, "I'm here to give you your treatment.",
he mumbles and moves to the end of the table.  You watch him fill
a large red rubber bag with water and place it on the hook of a
stand.  You are mortified to think that this young boy is looking
at your naked body stretched out on the table and that there is
nothing you can do about it. You turn your head away from him.  A
moment later you feel the thin finger of the boy lubricating your
bottom again.  He continues for a while and then stops.  You feel
the end of the rather thick enema nozzle pushing into your ass. 
The nozzle is pushed into you until a good seven inches is lodged
in your behind.  You see the boy reach up to the knob and then
you feel the warm water slowly entering your bowels.  This
continues until you have had the full quart of water and your
stomach has slowly expanded to allow it.  

     During these few minutes, the boy has not been idle.  He has
continued to move the nozzle slowly in and out, twisting it back
and forth.  The nerves in your bottom are tingling.  Finally the
container is empty.  As the nozzle is removed a plug about 3
inches long and 1 inch thick is pushed into place.  "This will
keep it in.", says the boy as he leaves the room.  You stomach is
tight with the pressure of the water. Fortunately you don't have
to wait long before the nurse and doctor return.  They remove
your restraints and with one of them on either side of you, you
are led, totally naked, out of the room to the washroom down the
hallway.  With great relief you feel the plug removed and the
water expelled.

     After cleaning up, the nurse attaches your wrists behind
your back and leads you back into the doctor's office.  The men
are still there and they eye you appreciatively as you are
brought to the side of the room. A rope dangles from a hook in
the ceiling and the nurse quickly attaches your hands to it.  You
are now standing facing the four men.  

     As the doctor describes the events of the past half-hour,
you feel your face blush and you feel the eyes of the men
examining you piece by piece.  When the doctor is finished
describing your 'preparation', the men begin to comment on your
body, "The breasts are firm.", says one, "What was the
sensitivity of the nipples?".  The doctor says, "They responded
well to hard pinching and she started to get wet as soon as the
clamps were attached."  Another asks how tight your ass was.
"Wonderful", says the doctor, "I think she might like it better
there than in her pussy." "Her pubic hair should be shaved.",
says the third man. "Yes,", says the doctor, "but we agreed that
we wouldn't do that on the first session."  

     The doctor comes over to you and turns you around so you are
facing the wall.  The men comment on the shape and firmness of
your bottom.  Your ankles are now fastened to hooks in the floor
so they are about two and a-half feet apart.  Your nipples just
touch the wall in front of you.  It feels strange to feel the
cool wall touching them.  You feel the lips of your pussy being
held apart as a small dildo is inserted there.  As soon as it has
been inserted to its fullest, someone turns it on and it begins
to vibrate.  You are unable to contain a moan as you body starts
to squirm.  As you turn your head to the side, you see one of the
men holding a wide leather strap.  It looks like a two inch brown
belt without a buckle. 

     Without further ado, he swings it down on our bottom.  You
feel a hot sharp pain and then another as he strikes again.  He
gives you six more and your bottom is feeling very warm.  You are
not in pain, but the heat of the spanking is traveling right
through your body.  The vibrator is removed and you are taken
down from the wall and placed bent over the desk.  Your hands are
attached to the sides and your ankles are spread wide apart.  The
doctor moves around to in front of you and unzips himself.  You
see his hard dick approaching your mouth and you eagerly open
your mouth to accept it.  Meanwhile, a large cock is slowly
pushing itself into your hot, wet pussy.  As both men begin to
fuck you simultaneously, you surrender yourself totally to the
sensations. It is not long before the man at your pussy comes and
is replaced by the next.  The doctor withdraws from your mouth
and comes. 

     You stick out your tongue to catch a few drops.  The man
behind you has begun lubricating your bottom and you are sure you
know why.  While everyone watches, one of the men slowly sticks
his cock into your ass and begins pumping with full strokes.  You
moan uncontrollably and a minute later you feel his come shooting
into you.  This final sensation is too much for your
over-extended nerves and you finally come and continue your
orgasm for a couple of minutes.  

     When you are done, the men remove your bonds.  They have you
stand, facing them once more.  One of them stands up.  He looks
directly at you and says, "These are the rules by which you will
abide from now on: First, you are no longer permitted to wear a
bra or panties at any time.  Second, your clothes must be such
that access to your body is always permitted.  Third, you will
obey the instructions of anyone in this group. Forth, you will
visit here at least once per month to continue your training.  Do
you agree to all of these conditions?"  You can't believe it is
your voice that you hear saying "Yes, sir."  

     I stand up and say "Follow me."  and then walk out of the
room.  You follow quietly.  We walk down the hallway and through
the empty waiting room.  I open the door and you follow me,
naked, into the corridor.  All the way back to the office where
you clothes are you are amazed that you make no attempt to cover
yourself.  

     When we enter the examining room where it all started, I
say, "Get up on the table."  You do so and without my asking, put
your feet in the stirrups and stretch your hands above your head. 
I look at you for a long moment and then I say, "You were very
hot tonight."  Dropping my pants, I enter you slowly and together
we come to another mind-blowing orgasm.
                                ALICE 

     Alice had been naughty.  Her lover was away for the weekend
and she  was bored.  When Dave called her, telling you about the
concert tickets  he had, she knew what he wanted, but between the
boredom and wanting to  see the concert (and Dave's build) she
went.

     Dave did everything he could to turn her on.  He had drinks
at his  place ready before she left.  she sat out on the lawn at
the pavilion,  drinking wine.  He put his arm around her, and at
every opportunity Dave  touched her, stroked her, patted her,
massaged her.  He spent a good ten minutes rubbing her forearms
when she talked about  typing much of the morning.  He spent
longer on her back, and the kiss at  the end had seemed so
natural.  The three that followed were more forceful.  She didn't
protest when  his hand began rubbing her breast ... she rather
liked it. 

     On the way home his hand was under her dress as he drove,
teasing her  pubic mound so that by the time she reached his
apartment you were wet  and as horny as she could remember being. 
He took her on the rug in his  living room, and then later in his
big bed.  For Alice, things had gotten out of hand ... and she
loved it. 

     Dave had continued to maintain possession of either her
breast or her  sex the whole drive home.  When they had entered
the house he had begun  kissing her in earnest as he undressed
her.  His tongue had explored her  in ways she had always refused
to her lover, Mark.  Dave had simply been  insistent.  He had
tongued her mouth--deeply.  He had gone all over her  neck,
licking her ears. 

     Alice had always made Mark stop when he had begun that.  The 
sensation was too--disturbing.  Dave had simply ignored her. 
That alone  had excited her.  The fact that she was also
discovering a new erogenous  zone on her body only made matters
worse.  Dave had continued.  He had tongued his way down to her
breasts, and  instead of liking and sucking the way Mark did,
Dave had gone over her  whole breast, or rather both of them.  It
was flattering in a way, and  just a little gross.  Alice had
been deeply aroused. 

     That first time in the living room, on the rug, Dave had not
even  waited to completely undress her.  He had taken off her bra
and shirt, and then pulled off her panties.  With her skirt
bunched up around her hips he had forced her over the  footstool
on her stomach and had her from behind, something she had 
refused to allow Mark to do.   

     Her inability to control Dave made her feel terribly wanton
as she  allowed him each liberty.  She had come almost as soon as
he had entered  her, her skirt still on, on her face, from the
rear.  Dave was taking her like a bitch, she thought.  The word
"bitch"  seemed to excite her even more.  She repeated it to
herself as his hard  member shoved home, again and again. 

     When Dave had come, she had expected to get dressed, but
instead he  had taken her to his bedroom, removed the rest of her
clothes and made  her assume positions on his bed.  When she had
refused, he had simply moved her to the desired  position.  As
she showed herself, he had stroked her mound, rubbed her breasts, 
and generally tried to keep her horny.  It had worked.  He had
gotten her ready to make love a second time by eating her.  
Alice had resisted this.  She had never allowed Mark to lick her
after  they had sex.  It seemed so--Wrong.   

     Dave ignored her and went down on her, licking her with much
more  energy than Mark did, making her come twice.  As she
reached that stage of orgasm (the first time) when you lose 
control of your body for a few seconds he had slid a finger up
her ass  and then had continued to run it in and out of her in a
fucking motion  as he licked her engorged slit. 

     He paid more attention to her pussy than Mark did.  He
licked the  whole slit, running his tongue up and down her whole
length, even  darting in and out of her well fucked hole.  He
knew when he was getting  to her and as the second orgasm
approached he went down on her with a  gusto, matching each
stroke of his tongue with one from the finger in  her virgin ass.

     As she came the second time, Dave waited for her to relax
and was in  her in a matter of two seconds.  She had come
instantly, again.  Dave had settled down for a long screw.  He
had pulled her knees up  to his chest.  He had pulled her legs
straight and put them on his  shoulders.  He had turned her hips
on their side, screwing her all the  while.   

     Dave had come a second time and had barely allowed her to
get her  breath before his fingers were buried in her snatch. 
"He's treating me like a bitch!" She thought.  The thought made
her  hot.  He had played her body like a violin, keeping her on
the edge of  orgasm for minutes at a time. 

     When she had her fourth orgasm from his fingers, he had
presented  his limp organ to her face.  She knew what he wanted
and she looked  desperately for a way out.  She had gone down on
Mark (and to both boyfriends before him), but  never after sex. 
She didn't mind a clean cock, but to lick one that had  just ... 
That was too much.  But here was Dave, and she would have to
admit that she was bothered  by something he obviously thought
was fine.  He had already gone down on  her, and after coming in
her as well.  Alice stared at the organ.  Dave took the back of
her head and directed her mouth to his cock. 

     In the end it was easier to suck his cock than it was to
refuse.  Dave's cock had grown to its earlier proportions fairly
quickly.  Alice was at least fairly sure that he didn't expect
her to let him  erupt in her mouth.  When he was hard he had
continued to have her suck  on him, guiding her mouth up and
down, setting the tempo.  Alice had begun to worry when he had
pulled it out. 

     Dave turned her back over on her hands and knees.  She had
pulled two  of the pillows from the bed to put under her arms for
support.  He had  reached around and was fingering her slit from
behind her.  Unable to hold still, she thrust her ass back at his
cock.  She  wanted to feel his cock inside her and, oddly, she
was thrilled to be  getting it on her hands and knees again.  The
phrase, "Like a bitch!" went on and on in her head as she shoved 
her bottom out to receive his prick. 

     Dave entered her slowly.  He seemed to want to slow her
down, to make his strokes as long as possible.  After four
strokes, he pulled out and  put his now well lubricated cock
against the rosebud of her asshole.  He had the head in before
she had stopped shoving her ass back at  him, trying to recapture
his cock. 

     Dave had held her by her hip on one side and literally by
her cunt on  the other so that she couldn't dislodge him.  He had
kept up the rubbing  action on her clit continuously so that she
couldn't decide if it was  painful or--terribly exciting.  Dave
continued, in small strokes, to shove his cock back further into 
her ass.  She had taken it all.  "Like a bitch!" She thought. 

     He had gone into her to the hilt and rested a moment before
beginning to fuck her ass.  "Like a bitch!"  Alice thought.  He
had made her come from the dual pressure of his hand on her clit 
and his prick in her ass.  "I'm coming, Like a bitch!'"  She
thought as her orgasm erupted.  Dave had kept her coming for
nearly three minutes.  His hands had  to hold her in place to
prevent her gyrations from unseating him.  Finally his spurting
into her ass ended things and the two fell in a semi-swoon on his
large bed.  

     Half an hour later Alice had put on her skirt and blouse, 
her  underwear stuffed into her purse.  Dave had driven her home
just before two in the morning.  She had  kissed him in the car
and walked up her steps to her house feeling very  confused and
very satisfied. 

     Seeing Mark sitting in the chair in the living room had
nearly 
stopped her heart. 

     Alice's dress was wrinkled to death.  Even if she had
stopped to use  Dave's bathroom thoroughly, the dress alone would
have shown what she had been up to.  Mark stood up and asked if
there was any point in his staying.  Alice had burst into tears. 
Seeing Mark was a shock, but it had crystallized her feelings for
her.  It was Mark she wanted, and she told him that.   

     "Mark, I know I've hurt you, but I do love you. I'll do
anything to get you to stay."  Mark had stopped.  "Really? 
Anything?"   "Yes.  Anything."  Alice had managed to get both
sorrow and defiance into her voice at the same time.  "If I
stay," Mark began, "I want an end to all your hangups about  sex. 
If you can screw around on me--"   "It wasn't ..." Alice began
and thought better of it.  "You can stop telling me that things I
want are dirty." Mark  continued. "That's the first thing." 
"O.K. Mark, just don't leave."  "Second, you can spend the rest
of the week showing me that you've turned over a new leaf."  "I
will, Mark, I will."  "Third, You'll have to pay for tonight, any
way I think you should."

     Alice thought of what she knew of Mark, and decided that she
could endure anything that he might come up with.  "Whatever you
think is fair, Mark.  Just remember I love you." Alice answered. 
"We'll see how much.  Take off your clothes." 

     Alice had been afraid of this.  The phrase, "Like a bitch."
now had a new meaning to her.  She had turned her back to Mark
and taken off her shirt.  She hung her shirt on a chair, thankful
that Dave hadn't been one for hickeys.  She took off her wrinkled
skirt with more trepidation.  Mark knew she never went out
without panties. 

     "Turn around."  Alice tried to look demure.  It was hard. 
Not only was she naked, but freshly fucked as she was, there were
still traces of Dave's come on her ... and dripping out of her.  
Alice wished fervently for a minute alone in the bathroom.  She
didn't dare ask. 

     "Come here."  Alice walked slowly to him. 

     "Lay across my lap."  Alice had assumed that he would want
to fuck her.  A spanking hadn't even entered her mind.  She could
barely remember her last spanking.  She had been in grade school
and her mother had pulled down her drawers and used a hair brush
on her young ass after finding out about a fight in school. 

     With some genuine fear, Alice lay across his lap.  Mark
didn't begin spanking her at once.  First he spread her legs and
felt the sticky dampness there.  Alice blushed hotly at the shame
of having mark examine the evidence of her infidelity.  Alice
tried to hold still as Mark's fingers followed the traces up her
legs to her sex.  His finger went on onto her mound, and after a
second, right into her well fucked hole. 

     It was while Alice was trying not to react to the shame of
such an examination that Mark slapped her ass for the first time. 
"Count them."  "One."  And so it went to twenty-five.  With each
slap, Mark's finger explored more of her cunt.  Then with his
fingers in her hole, and his thumb on her clit, Mark had begun
the inquisition.  He had insisted on each detail of what she had
done, leaving out only the name of her partner.

     Alice was so relieved that she held nothing back ... for
long.  At each new act, Alice had tried to hide how easily she
had allowed herself to be used by Dave.  Each evasion brought not
a new round of spanking, but a new level of sensation on her
clit.   

     By four A.M., weak with orgasms, Alice had told him every
detail, save one.  She had not told him that she had gone down on
him after he had fucked her.

     At four-thirty, Mark had allowed her a brief respite.   "I
need to tell you some things." Mark had begun, "I believe you
want me to stay, and that you love me.  "I believe you will try
to change, and I'll let your actions for the week speak for
themselves. "I also know that you're still holding back
something.  We'll go over that tomorrow night.  I'm getting too
tired."  Alice crawled up in his lap and kissed him several
times.  She had never come so many times in a single night
before.

     "One last thing, "Mark continued, "listening to you has made
me  horny.  As long as you're naked, it seems like a waste not to
do something about it."  Mark led her to their bedroom.  He
stacked pillows near the center of the bed.  He positioned Alice
over them.  Standing to one side, he undressed. 

     Alices relief as he plunged into her pussy was short lived
as he pulled out and slid his variously lubricated cock into her
ass. 
                      THE END--

                           DOMINATION 
                  THE FOLLOWING STORY IS TRUE.
           DICTATED TO, AND TYPED BY THE CONJUGATOR.
              STORY EXPERIENCED AND TOLD BY HEIDI.

     "Most  of  you  would  consider  me,  well maybe weird.  You
see, I like a certain  kind of sex.  I know many other people who
like it too, so I know I am not  alone.   I like bondage and
discipline.  I just love it, and it's the only form of sex that I
get any real enjoyment from. 

     "Here  is  one  of my many very fun experiences ... I had a
boyfriend, and his  parents  were going to go out of town.  We
decided that I would pretend to be  sleeping  over  a friends
house, but really I would be spending the weekend at  his house. 
My boyfriend had another idea for me too ... he wanted me to be
his  slave for the entire weekend.  We had talked about our
various fantasies,  so  he  knew  that  I  liked  bondage  and 
discipline.  I of course agreed.  I couldn't  wait!   I  already 
started  feeling  horny  at the thought.  So came Friday  night, 
his parents were gone and I came over.  I brought a lot of sexy
clothes  with  me  too.   I  wanted to really turn him on.  As
soon as I walked into  his  house,   he  had me strip completely
naked.  My panties were already soaked,  and he could tell I was
getting turned on.  He had me put on a leather mini-skirt  that 
I had brought with me ... he loved it.  Then he had me put on a 
halter  top, and he told me some of his new rules.  I was to obey
absolutely everything  he  told  me to do, or I was to be
punished.  I was to be his slave for the entire weekend.  That's
all, but that was also all I needed to know. 

     "He  had  me  sit down and then he put his hand under my
skirt and ran his hand  up  and  down  my  thigh,  occasionally 
rising  to feel my ass.  He also reached  under  my  shirt, and
felt my now-tingling breasts.  It felt so good.  He  noticed 
that I was enjoying this and he told me that I was going to have
a lot  of  fun  this  weekend.   Then he went and got a dog
collar and leash.  He connected  them  to  my  neck,  then  he 
got out his handcuffs.  I loved those handcuffs  ... we had so
much fun with them.  He handcuffed my hands behind my  back.  
Then  he told me that he was having a friend come over to have
some fun  with  me.  All the while he kept feeling my ass, and
sometimes shoving one of  his fingers up my pussy or up my ass. 
His friend turned out to be a girl.  I couldn't believe it. 

     "The  doorbell  rang and he pulled me up, and lead me to the
door with him by  the  leash.  He opened it and yes, there she
was.  He let her in and he had her  strip right there on the
spot.  Then he told her what he had told me, that she  was  to be
his slave for the entire weekend.  I was so jealous ... and she
looked  excited  at the thought too.  He had her put on these
really lacy black panties  and  bra,  and  then  tied her hands
behind her back with some leather strings.   Then he ordered us
to kiss.  I didn't move so he smacked my ass real hard,  so  I 
moved  closer,  she  was  moving  towards me too, she didn't look
worried  or  anything.   She started kissing me.  I wanted to
push her away but my  hands were handcuffed, I tried to move away
but my boyfriend held me tight. The  funny thing was that I liked
it, so I stopped pretending that I didn't.  I kissed  her back
hard.  Then he pulled us apart.  He was getting excited and he
wanted  to  fool  around.  He had the other girl sit on a table,
then he had me bend  over the table so half my body was on the
table and my feet were still on the  ground.   He  pulled  her 
panties  off and had her separate her legs.  So there  I  was, 
my  ass  sticking up high in the air, and my face about an inch
away  from  her pussy.  I could smell her musky aroma.  He got
behind me pulled down  my  panties,  and  spanked me hard a
couple of times.  He then told me to lick  and suck on her pussy. 
I agreed 'cause I wanted him to fuck me already.  Then  he 
shoved  his  cock  up my ass as hard as he could.  It hurt but at
the same  time it felt great.  I started moaning and licking her
cunt.  She started moaning  too.  After  awhile of this he had me
kneel right in front of him, and he  started jerking off.  I
tried to move away but he pulled on my leash.  Then he  came  all
over my face.  I tried to lick some of my face but could only get
a  little.   He  pulled  the other girl off, and had her sit next
to me and had her  lick  the  rest  of  the cum off my face.  I
was in heaven, but frustrated because I hadn't cum yet myself. 

     "Well,  I  finally  did come that night.  The next day was
even more fun.  He  had  us  both put on these really tight
leotards he had bought us, mine was black,  hers  was  white.  
Then  he  had  us serve him breakfast.  Whenever we stooped  over 
to  put something on the table he would feel our tits, or pat us
lightly  on  the  ass.  Then we all took a shower together ... we
still had our leotards  on  though.   They  felt  very strange,
they were so tight and at the same  time  wet, so they hugged our
every curve even more.  He enjoyed watching me  and  her  making 
out,  so  he  ordered  us  to fool around a lot.  We wore
different  things all the time, sometimes skimpy panties, or
leather clothes he bought us or sometimes skintight jeans, or
sometimes just nothing at all. 

     "The  whole  weekend  was  a  very  fun experience ... I
have more to tell about  but  I don't know if anyone is really
reading this.  If you want to hear more,   leave  a  message on
the board, and I'll keep on going telling you more about that
weekend and other times. 

     "Also  if you want I can go into more detail, telling
everything I can ... the one here is a little more general." 
                                        HEIDI.




                   ANOTHER STORY FROM KRISTI 
    
     Anyone who has read the first story already knows what kind
of sex I like, but if you didn't read it -- I like kinky sex,
specifically, bondage and discipline. I love it, and I find that
it's the only kind of sex that I really enjoy. I am also
decidedly bisexual. I enjoy sex with both sexes, but prefer men.
I was told that there were several messages on the board, asking
for more stories and more detail, so I will tell you another
tale. 

     My current boyfriend, Mark, likes to show me off, and I like
being shown off. Two weeks ago, he told me that a couple of old
friends were coming into town, and that he wanted to show me off.
Of course, I agreed. On the day they were scheduled to arrive, I
selected my outfit, carefully. I wore a half t-shirt, a denim
mini-skirt, high heels and nothing else. Mark told me I looked
terrific. He especially liked the mini-skirt - it was so short,
that if I sat down, you could see everything. I felt very slutty,
and that made me feel very sexy. 

     Mark's four friends arrived, and it was obvious they were
glad Mark had brought me along. We took them on a mini- tour of
the town and then out for a nice dinner. They couldn't keep their
eyes off my body. I gave them every chance to peek. Just watching
me get in and out of the car had them breaking out in a sweat.
"After dinner, we went back to Mark's apartment, to watch some
movies he had rented. I wasn't in the mood for a movie and told
them so. I may have been a little bitchy about the way I said it,
but I wanted to go out and party.  

     Apparently, Mark wasn't in the mood to listen to my lip. He
immediately slapped his handcuffs on me, securing my hands behind
my back. He told his friends that this was all in fun, and they
should watch how he dealt with me.  

     He put me over his lap and pulled my skirt up, to bare my
ass to the world. I started yelling at him to stop, and he
started spanking me. We had played this game before, and even
though his hand was stinging me, I was enjoying it. I continued
to yell, and Mark stopped spanking me, stood up and I rolled to
the floor - my skirt at my waist, and my pussy on display for his
friends.  

     He went to his room and returned with something I'd had only
seen in pictures - a ball-gag. He inserted the ball into my mouth
and tied the band around my head. It worked; I couldn't talk.
Mark laughed and said he had been saving the gag for a special
occasion, and that this was it. He pulled me over his lap and
began spanking me, again. "After just a few swats, Mark stopped,
saying I had enough for the moment. His friends were staring
wide-eyed at the whole scene, and I was hot. Mark told me to
stand up. He said he was going to give his friends a guided tour
of my very fine body. Gagged and handcuffed, I was in no position
to refuse. 

     I stood in front of the five guys, with my head down, as
Mark raised my t-shirt over my head and shoulders, until it
rested on my cuffed hands, and dropped my skirt to my ankles.
Mark then started to rub me all over - my heavy breasts and erect
nipples, my thighs and still-tender ass, my obviously wet pussy.
I could hardly stand this exquisite torture. I was moaning loudly
through the gag and swaying on my weakening legs. Mark talked the
whole time he was touching me. "Look at these firm tits. Do you
see how wet she is? Did you ever see a girl's nipples get as hard
as her's?" 

     His friends were getting hornier and rowdier by the second.
Mark asked them if they thought I had been a little cockteaser
all day, and they all felt me and smiled. Then Mark said,
"Kristi, there are five obvious hard-ons here, and I think you
better take care of all of them." 

     He pushed me to my knees and removed the gag. One of his
friends, who already had his cock out, walked over to me. I was
so horny at this whole situation, I immediately sucked his meat
into my hot mouth. I wasn't in the mood for long sultry strokes,
I only wanted to feel their hard cocks shoot into my mouth. One
after another, I blew all four of Mark's friends. Finally, Mark
stood before me. I started to kiss and lick and suck on his cock.
Within minutes, he put his hands on my head and moved it back and
forth as he fucked my mouth. Just as he started to come, he
pulled his cock out of my mouth and shot his hot cum all over my
face. After I had relieved them all, Mark removed the handcuffs
and ordered me to undress. I took off everything except my
highheels, then Mark refastened the cuffs. I stood naked in front
of the five guys. He then started to finger my soaking wet cunt.
My legs felt so week, I almost collapsed to the floor.   

     Mark smiled and said, "You've been a good girl. Follow me."
He led me into his bedroom, and made me lie back on the mattress.
Then he tied my hands and my ankles to the bedposts. I was
spread-eagled on the bed. Mark dropped his pants and slid his
again-hard cock all the way into my very ready cunt in one swift
stroke. Within seconds, I had a very intense orgasm. It had been
held from me for so long, it was very satisfying. 

     Mark dressed and went out to the living room to watch his
movies. I was left naked and tied to the bed. Over the next three
hours, all five men fucked me as often as they could get hard.
They would just walk in, drop their pants and shove it in. I
never felt so used in my life, but I truly loved it! My favorite,
though, was when two of his friends used me at the same time. One
pumping my pussy while the other straddled my chest and fucked my
mouth. 

     When the movie was over, Mark entered the bedroom and untied
me. He had brought a drink and a washcloth. I gulped the drink,
the alcohol adding a slight burning sensation to my throat, then
refreshed myself with the washcloth. Mark then had me put only my
dress on and told me that we were all going out to get some more
beer and another movie. 

     Once at the shopping center, Mark sent his friends to get
another video while he and I visited the liquor store. He quickly
picked up a case of beer and some scotch and put it on the
counter. Upon opening his wallet, he found that he was five
dollars short. The clerk suggested that he put the scotch back
and return for it later, unless he had money stashed somewhere
else. Then Mark grinned and said, "How about something better
than money. Is a great blowjob worth five bucks to you?". The
clerk wasn't sure if Mark was serious or not but answered
"Sure!". Mark then motioned to me to go to it. I rounded the
counter and dropped to my knees in front of the young man. I
pulled opened his belt and snap, then pulled down his zipper to
find that he wore no underwear. I gasped "Oh, my god! Your cock
is huge!". It was already getting quite hard and I could just
barely get my hand around it. I quickly determined that I
wouldn't be able to fit more than the head into my mouth, but I
would try. I licked and sucked and kissed as Mark kept an eye out
for anyone who might happen by. As I popped the cockhead in and
out of my lips, I got hotter and hotter. While Mark and his
friends were by no means small, this dick was what dreams were
made of. I just had to have it inside of me. "Is a good fuck
worth another bottle of Scotch?" I whispered. 

     "You bet! In fact, take the whole order if you want!", was
the clerk's reply. With that, I leaned over the countertop and
raised my dress to my waist. He came up behind me and rubbed his
cock between my pussy lips for lubrication. I pushed back and he
pushed forward until I felt absolutely full. "Please, just hold
it there a moment. Your cock fills so much of me I want to enjoy
the sensation before you pound that delicious beef stick into
me". I reached between my legs to fondle his balls and found that
he still had at least an inch of cock left. I turned my head to
him and said, "Fuck me long and hard. I want all of that
magnificent cock in me!". 

     He pulled out until just the head was between my lips and
then stroked it in until I felt the pressure against my cervix.
He repeated this over and over until I felt myself slipping into
multiple orgasms. His pace quickened and I could feel the veins
on his cock throb. It swelled a little more and I knew he was
ready to release his load. Suddenly he thrust hard and I buck my
ass in return, wanting to get him deep inside. Then I felt his
cock twitch and I could actually feel each ad every spurt of cum
as it entered previously untouched areas of my cunt. He soon
pulled out and I turned and again knelt before him. Taking his
cock in my mouth, I lapped it clean and sucked him dry before
refastening his pants. "Thanks! You were great! Come back anytime
you need beer or anything else!", he said as we walked through
the door. 

     We found Mark's friends waiting for us at the car. He
explained the sequence of events and they all expressed regret at
having missed the show. Upon returning to Mark's place, he told
me to again undress and lie face down on the bed. Then, he retied
the ropes to the bedposts, but with more play than before. Mark
then went out into the living room to watch the new movies with
his buddies. Meanwhile, I drifted off to sleep. 

     I was awakened by something warm rubbing against my cheek.
When I opened my eyes, I saw Mark rubbing his cock against my
face. He moved it to my lips and slowly pressed forward. I
relaxed my mouth and soon had him in my throat. He moved it in
and out, occasionally removing it and rubbing it against my lips
and cheeks. Then, as suddenly as he appeared, he left and I was
again alone. This happened several times during the night. Mark,
or one of his friends would come in for some quick oral sex, then
leave before cumming. 

     By morning, I was so horny I could have fucked a fire
hydrant. Mark entered the room and said he had a surprise for me.
Behind him entered the liquor store clerk and three other guys I
didn't know. I turned out that Mark had slipped him his phone
number and they had all come over to watch the X-rated tapes he
rented. They all then went back to the living room and began
watching the tapes. I could hear the movies with their moaning
and yelling during the sex scenes. Soon I heard footsteps enter
but couldn't turn my head far enough to see who it was. A
blindfold was placed over my eyes. More footsteps followed and
then the sound of belt buckles and zippers as the men removed
their clothes. Something warm brushed against my ass, then
against my forehead. Someone wrapped their arms around my waist
and raised me to my hands and knees. I felt someone get on the
bed in front of me. Then, a pair of hands held my head while
another pair held my hips. As if in perfect synchronization,
cocks parted by my mouth lips and my pussy lips at the same
instant. They began a rocking rhythm -- one pulled out while the
other pushed in. This had the effect of making me feel as though
there were one very long cock sliding all the way through me.
After I had several orgasms, the cock in my mouth exploded. I
savored the taste of its cum and sucked it dry. No sooner had he
withdrawn than another took its place. Soon, the cock in my pussy
deposited its load in my womb and yet another took its place.

     I lost all track of time as this constant fucking took
place, and I stopped counting after I had taken 11 loads in my
pussy and swallowed 8 more. My own orgasms had to be close to 30
and I was beginning to tire. As the organ in my mouth gave me
more nourishment, the meat in my pussy added its juices to the
mixture. Then there were none. I heard Mark say, "Well, her pussy
is full and I am sure her stomach is too. I still have a hard-on
too! Well, only one easy way to solve that problem!". I felt a
familiar cock enter my pussy. Knowing it was Mark, and wanting to
thank him properly for fulfilling a life-long fantasy, I was
determined to give him a great fuck. I bucked my ass to take him
deep. Once, he pulled all the way out and I shoved back quickly
to recapture him, only to find he had shifted positions slightly.
His cock was halfway into my ass before I had even realized what
had happened. He pressed it further and soon I had it all. He
reached under me and played with my clit while he plied that
heavenly piece of meat in and out of my rectum as though he were
playing the violin. I began to come again and I could tell he was
too. A few rapid strokes and I could feel the warmth of his cum
spread through my ass. He withdrew and I began to relax, only to
have another cock thrust into my tight bunghole. This unexpected
turn of events sent me right over the edge and I was again
experiencing multiple orgasms. As the cock in me released its cum
and retreated, another took its place. In all, my asshole was
fucked 12 times. I frankly marveled at how often the guys got it
up again. Then, after the last one, Mark removed the ropes and
blindfold. Everyone had gone. He took me to the bathroom where a
hot tub awaited and I cleaned up. We then napped for a few hours.


     That evening, Mark's friends returned and we all sat around
eating pizza and drinking beer while watching another movie. When
it was over, Mark removed the tape and placed another in the
player. "This is a special tape that I wanted you all to see,
especially Kristi!". My mind flashed with recognition as the
image on the TV brightened to reveal me tied face-down on the
bed. He had taped the whole thing! I watch transfixed as the
events of that morning were replayed. As I watched, I could see
that the men who fucked me were other friends of Mark's that he
must have secretly told to come over. In all, I counted 16
different guys that I took either in my pussy, down my throat, or
up my ass. One guy got me all three ways!

     After the tape was over, Mark said his friends were all
horny again and I would have to fix that. I replied that my ass
was really sore and my pussy was raw. With that, Mark pushed me
to my knees, whipped out his cock and presented it to my mouth.
Though my jaw was tired and sore, I gave each one a tender,
erotic blowjob. When Mark dropped me off at my house, he smiled
at me and told me I had made him very proud for the way I
behaved. He kissed me sweetly and I told him it was always my
pleasure to be his slave. My jaw and cunt were sore for two days,
my ass for three, but it kept reminding me of the fun I had.



                        HOW IT ALL BEGAN 

     "My whole infatuation for bondage and discipline started
about a year and a half ago.  How it started is about as strange
as b&d itself.  It actually started between my best friend and
I." 

     "A new girl moved into our neighborhood,  and my best
friend,  Laurie became good friends with her immediately.  It
came to the point that she was actually spending more time with
her than with me.  Whenever I called her she was with "her new
friend, Michelle".  So finally I got a hold of her and she asked
me to sleep over,  and that Michelle was going to be sleeping
over too.  She said this would be a good chance for me to meet
her,  and get to know her better.  Of course I said yes.  So came
friday night.  I went to laurie's house,  and michelle was
already there.  She was a really nice  looking girl.  So,  we
listened to some good old music;  Bob Dylan,  and  some Traffic, 
and talked,  and did our nails at the same time.  Soon,  we  were
talking about sex,  and our different sexual experiences.  She
had a  boyfriend,  but had to break up with him when she moved. 
We all had a lot to talk about,  and the conversation was very
interesting.  Then Michelle asked me if I had ever tried bondage. 
I said no,  but I had heard of it.  Then Laurie said something
like "well,  we're gonna...."  And then she quickly shut her
mouth.  I asked what she was going to say,  and instead of her
answering,  Michelle did.  She said "well we're going to change
all of that,  I've taught Laurie and now it's your turn!!".  They
were both grinning now.  I was so shocked that I got up and
started to pack my stuff to leave.  That's when Michelle grabbed
my arms,  she seemed to be so strong,  and  forced them behind my
back.  Then Laurie tied them together with a long strip of
leather.  Then they forced me onto my knees.  Then Michelle said
"By the end of tonight you'll be begging to be my little slave
girl."   

     Then she said something like "watch how much Laurie loves
it!".  Then they  left the room for a minute.  I started trying
to loosen my bonds,  but  Laurie had tied them together so well. 
After a few minutes,  they came back in.  Michelle was all in
black;  a black half-bra,  a black garter belt holding up satiny
black hose,  and silky black panties.  She also had  high-heeled
pumps.  What really shook my up was what Laurie was wearing... 

     Her hands were tied behind her back with leather cuffs,  and
she had on a half shirt,  no bra,  and these real stringy bikini
panties.  She also had a thick leather collar on,  and connected
to that was a thin chain,  that Michelle was tightly holding on
to.  
        What really got to me though was that Laurie was apparently
turned on;  her nipples were jutting out,  and I could see that
her panties were already getting wet.  

     Michelle then said "I have been training Laurie for the past
couple of weeks,  we are going to show you tonight what she has
learned so far.  Then we both will train you." I was so shocked
that I just sat there not saying a word. Then she ordered Laurie
onto her knees.  Laurie responded immediately,  without
hesitation.     Then michelle said something like "beg for
it....".  Then Laurie started pleading asking her to do it
already.  Michelle had Laurie bend over the bed opposite the one
I was sitting on.  So there was Laurie,  bent over her bed, 
hands bound,  and her ass high in the air.  Michelle then went to
her bag and pulled out a vibrator!  The second Laurie saw it, 
she  started pleading louder.  Then Michelle came over and pulled
own Laurie's panties down around her thighs,  and turned on the
vibrator.  She then started moving it slowly around laurie's
pussy and asshole.  Laurie was now moaning in ecstasy.  Then
michelle shoved the vibrator deep into the inner depths of
Laurie's asshole.  After only a few seconds of this Laurie had a
powerful orgasm.  Then Michelle came over to me and forced me
over to Laurie,  then she ordered me to lick Laurie's juices.  I
said no way, but Michelle said I would be punished for
disobeying.  She then forced me in between Laurie's thighs  and
made me lick the juices from her pussy the weird things was that
I was no longer trying to pull back,  I liked begin treated this
way.  And I felt that familiar feeling in my pussy. 

     All this time Michelle was saying "see she's starting to
like it already!" 

     And I was.  Next she ordered us to start kissing and licking
each other.  It was heaven.  Being commanded by her to make out
with my best friend. 

     In the end,  we had all off our clothes of and no one was in
command anymore,  we all just were kissing and licking each
other.  By the end of the night I had been entered in the pussy
and asshole by both Laurie and Michelle.  We agreed to switch off
roles, so that sometimes I would be the slave and sometimes the
master.  And they would also do he same." 

     "Michelle taught me a lot,  along with Laurie that night. 
In my  next story,  I will be continuing my other adventures with
Michelle and Laurie,  into the wonderful world of bondage and
discipline." 
 
**KEEP YOUR EYES OPENED FOR MORE STORIES FROM HEIDI,  MORE WILL
BE COMING.



              TO REPEAT,  THESE ARE TRUE STORIES. 

     "Anyone who has read the first story already knows what kind
of sex I like,  but if you didn't see it,  I like kinky sex, 
bondage and discipline. I love it,  and I find that it's the only
kind if sex that I really enjoy. I am also decidedly bisexual.  I
enjoy kinky sex with both sexes,  but mostly with men.  I was
told that their were several messages asking for more stories so
I will tell another one." 

     "My boyfriend likes to show me off,  and I like getting off
on it too. So one day he told me that a couple of old friends
were driving up from out of town.  He wanted to show me off,  I
agreed,  of course.  On the day that they were to arrive,  I
dressed up especially for the occasion.  I wanted to show off my
body.  I wore a leotard with nothing underneath,  and a
mini-skirt over that.  My boyfriend told me I looked terrific. 
He especially liked my mini-skirt;  it was so short that the
bottom curves of my ass showed from underneath.  It made me feel
very sexy.  So his friends arrived and we just took them around
town,  to all the record stores.  That night we went out for
dinner,  soon after the fun began.  I could see that his friends
kept taking peeks up my mini-skirt,  and I let them.  I knew I
could trust them,  my boyfriend wouldn't let them touch me.  But
I kept  letting them get peeks.  After dinner,  we went back to
my boyfriends house to watch a movie that they had rented.  Well, 
I really wasn't in the mood to watch a movie so I told my
boyfriend that I didn't want to sit through a movie.  Well I
guess he was feeling a little horny,  because that's when he
decided to pull out his handcuffs on me.  He immediately had my
hands secured behind my back.  He then told his friends that he
was going to have some fun with me and that he wanted them to
watch,  and maybe join in if  he felt like really punishing me. 
He pulled me over his lap,  so that my ass was sticking up in the
air,  brushed my mini-skirt aside,  and started spanking me at a
brisk pace.  I started yelling at him to stop,  even though I was
thoroughly enjoying it.  When I continued to yell,  he went to
his room for a moment,  and came out with a ball gag.  He had
never used one on me.  He said he was saving it for a special
occasion,  and this was good  enough.  He secured it,  so I could
no longer talk at all.  Then he pulled me over his lap again, 
and continued with his spanking.  After he thought I had had
enough,  he stopped.  His friends just watched us,  they seemed
hypnotized by the little show he had given them.  I was getting
hot. He then had me stand up,  he told his friends that he was
going to give them a guided tour of my body.  I was in no
position to refuse,  so I just stood there,  gagged,  and hands
restrained.  He started by rubbing my thighs and  ass.  I
couldn't help but to moan,  because it just felt so good.  Then
he  came up behind me and started rubbing on my now swelling
breasts....I could hardly stand as he did that.  His friends were
getting really horny watching this so he said he'd let me relieve
them.  He forced me onto my knees,  and had each of his friends
come up to me,  and have me give them blowjobs. After he took off
the gag he told me to start,  I was so horny that I  honored his
command immediately.  After I had relieved them all,  he untied
my hands and told me to undress.  I took off everything and put
it all aside then he put the handcuffs back on.  He then started
shamelessly shoving his fingers in and out of my pussy and
asshole.  I felt weak in the knees so he lead me to his bedroom
and tied my hands and feet to the bedpost,  face down. He then
undressed and entered me from behind,  within seconds I had an
orgasm that had been held from me for so long.  It was truly
rewarding.  After that we did watch the movie,  and then when my
boyfriend took my home,  he said that I had made him very proud, 
and he laid a beautiful kiss."  

     "And thus was the end of another day of being my boyfriends
total and complete sex slave." 
 
**MORE STORIES WILL BE COMING SOON,  SO KEEP AN EYE OUT FOR THEM.

                   The Adventures of Melissa 
                        by Bill Williams 
 
                           Chapter  1 
                      Going to the Movies 
 
     "What I'm trying to explain to you, is that I don't know if
I'd get horny or not.  Since we got married, the only other time
that I've seen another man's cock was when you brought those X-
rated videos home.  I damn sure got horny that night!  We
couldn't wait to get into bed!  Neither of us sleeping until
daylight.  We were so fucked out we just laid around most of the
next day!" 

     "Did looking at cocks before we got married turn you on?" 

     The blonde wife looked at her husband, reflectively, "Well,
I guess so." 

     "What do you mean, you guess so?" 

     "I mean yes!  Of course it turned me on.  Is that what you
wanted to hear?" 

     "I didn't want to hear anything except the truth, Dear.  My
point is that nudity can be sexy as hell." 

     "Of course it can be sexy as hell.  I just don't know if
only looking at just a man's cock would turn me on or not." 

     Bill's eyebrows shot up.  "And that's what I'm trying to
explain to you, that how could you know how your body and mind
will act unless you have the experience.  Sometimes, something
might sound exciting, but in the real world, fact and fantasy
might be totally different." 

     Melissa grinned back at Bill.  "And just what have you got
planned?  The last time you started this kind of conversation,
you brought home a few fuck movies.  Now, you're asking me if
seeing a guy with an erection, even jacking off, would turn me
on?  Okay, I say `yes,' it would turn me on a lot!" 

     "And, what if he wanted you to do the jacking?"  Her husband
asked with raised eyebrows. 

     The pert blonde housewife grinned impishly at her husband.
"Now I don't know who's talking about fact, and who's talking
about fantasy.  Did you bring another of those films home?  If
you did, let's get it out and get it on.  To tell you the truth,
all this talking about sex already has me just a little turned
on.  In fact, it's got me a lot turned on.  I'm starting to get
damp just thinking about getting it on with you tonight." 

     "No, Honey, I didn't bring any videos home, but if you're
serious about seeing a film tonight, we can go to that adult
theater in town and watch one, then come back home and make love
and drink brandy, again." 

     "I don't know if I'd rather make love, or just fuck.
Actually, I think I'd rather fuck, it sounds dirtier!  Do they
really show everything in the adult movies?" 

     "You bet your sweet ass they show everything.  It's not any
different than the videos I borrowed and brought home, like any
other movie." 

     "Then how do these theaters stay in business, if everyone
can just go to the corner video store and rent the same thing?"  
  "People go for the atmosphere.  It's totally different than
sitting home and watching them on a small TV screen." 

     "Do couples go to those movies?" 

     "I think that there are more single men, or maybe married
men on a night away from their wives, but there are couples, and
once in a while a single lady comes in." 

     "So, they only sit there and watch the movies, getting all
horned-up, is that it?" 

     "Well, not always.  Most of the time there are guys jacking
off in the back row, also sometimes a couple will get so excited
that they make it right there in the theater." 

     "Do you mean the men actually masturbate right there in the
theater, with their pricks out, with everything showing?" 

     "Sure, although it's a little dark for sight seeing." 

     "But, what if someone should see them?" 

     "So what if they did?" 

     "Well, I don't know, Bill, but it seems to me that they
wouldn't want anyone seeing them jack off." 

     "Not necessarily true, my love.  Some of them may get off on
having somebody watch them jack off, while others probably get
off, on watching.  Nothing like a little voyeurism to speed up
the old body juices." 

     "Well, it's speeding up my body juices, just talking about
watching.  I wonder what it would be like, seeing some guy take
his cock out and jack it off in a movie theater?" 

     "As much as you like seeing my cock, you'd probably go
bananas, maybe even grabbing hold of it to help." 

     "I wonder how many strokes they'd let me take?" 

     "How many do you want to take?" 

     "Bill, you know me. I never get turned off, so I'd probably
want to pump on the old handle all night long.  Jesus, but I'm
getting horny talking about all this illicit sexual action." 

     "Well then, Melissa, let's get going and watch a couple of
guys jack off." 

     "Jesus, Bill, baby," Melissa groaned, "that turns me on,
thinking about seeing some guys jacking off, so much so that I'd
like to make love right here and now.  All of this talking about
sex, gets me excited, but if you want to go to a screw movie,
then why not.  I'm game if you are.  So give me a few minutes to
get dressed, I don't want to wear these Levis to the show." 

     She spun, then turned back to face Bill.  "Do you really
think that some man would jack off with me watching?" 

     "If you don't get ready, you'll never find out, now will
you?" 

     She rushed from the room, her curvaceous ass undulating as
she almost ran down the hall to the bedroom.  Stripping off her
Levis and sweater, Melissa ran her hands over her bra and then
removed it.  Her luscious breasts spilled from the brassiere
cups, standing out from her rib cage.  Her quivering, pink-tipped
nipples firm from thinking about screwing.  After all, if she got
turned on in the movie, it would be nice if Bill could touch her
nipples. 

     She quickly rushed into the shower, lathered her body with
soap suds and hot water, then just as quickly rinsed with cold
water, almost leaping out of the shower to dry, humming while she
rubbed the towel over her body until it glowed from the cold
water rinse and the towel. 

     Melissa Williams stood nude in front of the bathroom mirror
while she applied her make up.  Her glowing complexion required
very little aid from the few items of make-up sitting on the wash
basin cabinet.  However, Melissa enjoyed making the best of her
looks.  A touch of blue eye shadow on the lids of her ice blue
eyes.  A quick touch of eyeliner from a dark pencil outlined her
lids, a little line drawn outward to make her already wide extra
long lashed sensual eyes look even more sensual.  A brush dusted
in a pale pink blush make-up, applied to her high cheek bones
brought just a highlight of color to her pink cheeks. 

     Carefully, the beautiful lady unscrewed the top of her
lipstick and applied the glossy color to her full lower lip then
more lightly to her upper lip.  Satisfied, she stepped back one
step, looked at herself in the mirror, turning her head first one
way, then the other.  "Not too bad for an old lady of
thirty-two," Melissa thought. 

     She had no complaints about her thick mop of tawny blonde
hair, with a hint of a soft natural curl which made it easy to
both shampoo and brush.   

     Melissa's sun tanned skin with the pale marks of her
two-piece bikini, almost made her body look as if she were
wearing panties and bra when she was nude.   She placed her hands
on her hips, thrusting out her breasts, looking at herself in the
mirror.  The thick curls of fur on her pussy were exactly the
same color and softness of curl as the hair crowning her head.
The line of hair ending at the bottom of her firm belly was so
straight that it looked as if it were shaved by a razor. 

     Her breasts were another matter entirely.  They were a shade
too heavy for her slim torso and very tiny waist.  Melissa
normally wore a thirty six bra with a true fit somewhere between
a C cup and a D cup.  Her breasts caused her no end of problems
when buying a dress, since the tops were always made for someone
with a smaller chest, or the bottoms for a bigger ass. 

     The last time Melissa had used a tape measure, she had a
figure that totaled out to thirty six and a half around her
chest, a very tiny twenty-three around her waist, and her
buttocks were thirty five inches when measured at the fullest
part of her ass. 

     Melissa turned around, looking at her naked buttocks and
back over her shoulder, practicing a sexy look, eyes half closed,
wetting her full lower lip with the tip of her pink tongue.  She
wriggled her body at her image in the mirror, looking at the deep
cleft between the cheeks of her ass, watching to see how firm she
was.  The protruding cheeks of her ass were so firm that they
hardly even quivered, even though they stuck out almost more than
she would have liked. 

     Her full boobs, were another story.  They quivered,
shivered, and jiggled like jell-o any time she moved, and were
the part of her anatomy that men always looked at hard, after
they finished staring at her face.  Sometimes it became most
embarrassing the way men stared at her tits, even though it did
turn her on and make her feel especially sexy.  When they looked,
she would fantasize about fucking the man staring at her, with
him sucking and making love to her tits. 

     That was if she was facing a man.  If he was behind her,
Melissa knew that it was her curved ass that they liked as they
looked.  One of her favorite tricks, was to look suddenly over
her shoulder and catch some poor man staring at her ass, look him
straight in the eye and then smile.  Most of the time they got
caught looking and they turned red and looked away, but
sometimes, when they smiled back, Melissa would feel the heated
moisture gather in the folds of her soft pussy. 

     Men had always been easy for her.  Her figure had changed
when she was thirteen.  With a spurt that amazed everyone who
knew her, she had turned from a skinny girl into a full woman. 
First, a thickening of fine peach fuzz on her groin then, a thick
patch of curly soft ringlets.  Her nipples grew, then her breasts
started swelling.  She could remember that every time her mother
bought her a bra, within a month or two it was too tight.  Her
tits never stopped growing until she was over sixteen. 

     Casting her eyes over her nude body, Melissa decided that
she was lucky that she was a beautiful woman as she dashed from
the bathroom to her closet.  She slid the hangers in her closet
to find a dress to make it easier to have her pussy touched when
Bill got turned on.  She picked a silky jersey dress with a
button down front and picked a wide black soft leather Italian
belt to go with the dress.

     She decided not to wear pantyhose, instead, letting her long
slim legs be smooth and naked under her dress.  Quickly finding a
pair of new panties in her dresser, she changed into the new lacy
bikini bottoms that didn't cover much of the curvaceous cheeks of
her ass. 

     Slipping the dress on over her head, Melissa buttoned the
top to leave a generous cleavage of her soft tits showing.  Her
tiny waist, cinched even tighter, made her luscious figure even
more sensual. 

     At the last instant, she turned, rummaging through her
drawer full of lingerie.  Finding a black garterbelt and a pair
of black stockings.  After putting them on, Melissa snapped off
her bedroom light and left the bedroom, sauntering downstairs.

     "Does this look like what the well dressed wife wears out
when she goes to a fuck movie?"  Melissa twirled to show off her
dress, the dark orange jersey dress swirled around her slim legs.
Her full tits strained against the warm fabric, quivering with no
support from a bra.

     Bill admired her dress, patted her curved ass and grabbed
her hand.  "Let's get going, sweetness, before I pull that dress
off your gorgeous body and fuck you right here on the floor." 

     "No sir, No sir! You said you were going to take me to a
movie, and then make love, or maybe even fuck, which ever comes
first, and I'm holding you to that," Melissa said, pulling Bill
to the door, smiling at his compliment. 

     The theater was dark and Bill guided Melissa to the steps
that led to the upper balcony, walking higher up the long steep
steps until they were at the back row.  Peering into the dark,
they both tried to see if anyone was in the seats at the rear.
Just then, the rear rows were illuminated when one of the patrons
lit a cigarette.  Bill led Melissa as they settled into the soft
seats.  Of the thirty or so seats in the last row, most were
empty, as they sat back and looked at the screen. 

     The film showed two young women licking on the erect cock of
a young man lying on the floor of what appeared to be a living
room.  Both girls slowly sucking and twirling their wet, pink
tongues around the head of his prick, and one held his testicles,
gently kneading and squeezing. 

     Melissa watched with interest.  Her initial embarrassment
being in the theater slowly leaving her, as the three beautiful
people on the screen progressed into ever increasing sexual
situations.  The male ran his hands over the tits of one girl,
pressing the soft flesh and pinching the pink nipple gently, then
running his hand down to slide a finger into the wet hole of the
other.  The juicy cunt he was finger-fucking left a slick coating
of oily lubricating wetness on his finger. 

     Melissa could feel the juices from her own pussy wetting her
opening and she squirmed slightly in the seat and leaned over
closer to Bill's arm, turning to face him, whispering in his ear.
"I'll answer your question now," Melissa purred.  "Yes, seeing a
hard cock turns me on, and the pussies do too!  I'm starting to
really get horny now.  I can really feel my pussy getting very
juicy.  Wouldn't you like to feel?" 

     Bill caressed her thigh, running his hand over the fullness
of her upper leg.  His fingers touching the hem of her dress,
raising it, and drifting his fingers over the smooth warmth of
her leg.  His hand drew her dress higher, and his fingers touched
the silky band at the crotch of her new panties, feeling the hot
slick wetness seeping through the silky fabric. 

     Melissa squirmed again, slightly spreading her thighs so
Bill's fingers could have access to her tingling cunt.  She kept
her eyes on the screen while his finger teased at her pussy
through the wetness of her panties.  Her breathing became shorter
as he stroked the length of the crevice between her thighs,
probing and moving around in the sweet, wet junction buried in
her cunt hairs. 

     Melissa sensed a movement to her right and saw a man moving
closer to them.  He seated himself one seat over, leaving an
empty seat between them.  Melissa started to pull her dress down
over her exposed thighs, and then realized that whatever the man
could see was no different than what he could see on the screen.
At first, she felt uncomfortable with the stranger sitting so
close to her, then on second thought, she felt the sexual thrill
of his voyeurism. 

     She watched him out of the corner of her eye.  He was not
watching them.  Not directly, but his head was turned closer to
them than to the screen.  She was very excited by the thought of
that man watching her husband stroke her pussy through the thin
covering of her panties, knowing she could turn him on even more
by showing him much more of her long legs and thighs. 

     Melissa tried to imagine what the stranger was thinking.  
"Look at that blonde and the guy with her.  I bet she's getting
turned on with his fingers in her pussy.  I'd like to fuck her.
I'd like to see her cunt.  Maybe if I move over closer, I could
see better." 

     In response to her own thoughts and urges, Melissa squirmed,
sliding down in the seat, moving her dress higher and very slowly
exposing her stocking clad thighs up to her new panties.  She
glanced over at the man on her right, finding that he'd turned
his head and was staring at her legs and Bill's caressing fingers
on her hot pussy. 

     Melissa squirmed around more in the seat, looking directly
at the man's face, raising the hem of her dress higher, opening
her legs to give him a better view. 

     He stared harder at her legs and thighs, looking at her
stockings and garterbelt and panties, tempting Melissa to give
him a really good show. 

     Melissa whispered in Bill's ear, "Dear, I've got to go to
the bathroom, I'll be right back." 

     She carefully made her way past the others in the row,
undulating down the steps at the side and, slowly moving to see
if she could catch sight of any of the men masturbating. One man
had both hands in his lap, moving, but before Melissa could see
if he had his prick out, she was past him, not wanting to stop
and look back. 

     Leaving the rest room, Melissa walked to the top of the
stairs, slowly swinging her hips as she climbed, glancing at the
men as she passed, moving to the rear row. 

     Melissa looked down at the lap of the man who had been
seated to her right.  She slowed as she brushed by his knees,
waited for him to stand up, and then pressed her firmly curved
ass against him as he stood to let her pass.   Melissa imagined
that she could feel the swelling bulge of the man's prick against
her firm ass as she slithered slowly past, squirming her buttocks
over and against his groin.  She paused, pressing her ass harder
against him, squirming slightly, teasing him with the firm
roundness of her buttocks, pleased with the feeling of sexual
excitement growing in her loins.

     "Thank you," she whispered as she smiled in the dim light. 

     After sitting by her husband, she again looked over at the
man, noticing now that he had both hands in his lap, covering his
groin.   "Bet he has a hard cock under those hands." thought
Melissa, "Watching those people on the screen probably has his
cock dripping and he is holding it down.  I hope I made it harder
when I brushed against him." 

     Bill put a hand back on her leg, fingers slipping slowly,
ever so slowly, up her soft inner thighs, reaching for her pussy.
Bill almost jumped as his fingers touched the soft ringlets of
hair around her bare cunt, his fingers feeling the seeping
moisture gathered at the pulpy slit between her legs. 

     She giggled, "That's right.  I took them off so you could
get a good feel!  The trip to the bathroom was an excuse." 

     Bill's fingers sought the wet opening when she opened her
thighs wider and raised her ass to let his fingers probe her
slit.   Melissa pulled her skirt from beneath her ass, pulling it
up until her long slim legs and slim curved tummy were visible in
the dim light.  Her soft and curly pussy hair clearly visible in
the reflected light from the screen. 

     She made an oblique glance at the man on her right to see if
he had noticed her open thighs, and again, imagined his thoughts. 
"Look at that cunt spread her legs.  My cock's so hard I think
I'll sneak it out and flog it a little while I watch her get
finger fucked." 

     Melissa decided that she'd try to entice the man to bring
his prick out where she could see it.  Her face turned to the
screen, but her eyes watched the stranger out of the corner.
Melissa watched, holding her breath, as his zipper drew slowly
and quietly down.  His hand slithering into the opening as he
opened his fly.  Melissa watched as he felt down inside, fishing
for his cock, then slowly, slowly easing it past the metal teeth
of his zipper. 

     She felt moisture gush from the folded pink lips of her
pussy as he took his cock out.  Sneaking it up, holding one hand
over the head, covering the rest of his cock with the other.  He
was softly and surreptitiously stroking it beneath his hands
until she turned and stared directly at his hands.  Slowly his
hand uncovered his cock, exposing his organ to her.  Stroking his
large, meaty prick slowly, while he stared at the wet junction
between her open legs. 

     Hard and impressive, his thick dick filled his stroking
hand, the upper length showing over his moving fist as he
stroked.  The thickness, even in the dim reflected light from the
screen, was most impressive to the sexually excited housewife.
Melissa's already wet pussy emitted even more honey, as she
looked with unabashed glee at the semi-erect organ that she'd
enticed into the open.  Although his eyes didn't seem to leave
the screen, his hand continued stroking and Melissa knew he was
aware of her watching him jack off his cock.  He raised his body,
lowering his arm to allow an unobstructed view of his
masturbation. 

     "Bill, the guy on my right has his thing out," she said. 

     "What's a thing?" 

     "He has his hard prick out, that's what thing!" 

     "Good. You said you wanted to see a hard cock being jerked
off, now's your chance to get a really close look."  Bill moved
his head back, his finger pressing harder on her swollen and
slippery clit. 

     Melissa turned her head back to watch the prick being
stroked a few feet away from her eyes, while the pressure of
Bill's finger brought her to a long shuddering climax.  Her 
wetness washed over Bill's fingers as her breathing caught in the
sheer sensuality of her husband's fingers buried in her pussy and
a stranger's big, hot prick being masturbated before her eyes at
the same time. 

     Melissa became more aware of the masturbator's eyes, looking
up for a glance at his face.  His eyes were fastened to the
fingers at the junction of her slim legs as he continued to raise
and lower his hand on his long prick.  If anything, Melissa got
more turned on. 

     Spreading her legs even more, her fingers slipped down to
raise her skirt still higher.  Slowly, her fingers pressed the
cloth of her skirt against her smooth thighs, slowly pulling the
soft dress higher on her legs, while watching the man's face. 

     The stranger leaned forward in his seat to watch the skirt
being hiked higher on her slim legs, while Melissa wriggled with
pleasure as she continued to raise the hem to allow him an
unobstructed view of her pussy.  She paused with the hemline of
her skirt just below her wet warm pussy, then squirmed on the
seat and raised the hem past the curly ringlets of her pussy,
while staring at his face. 

     His intense gaze was centered on her cunt, his hand fondling
his erect prick with lusty abandon at the show Melissa was
putting on for him.  Melissa continued to pull her dress higher,
until her belly was totally exposed, her whole lower torso, naked
to his staring eyes. 

     Enjoying the feeling of sensuality, she now toyed with the
buttons on the front of her dress, slowly unfastening them one by
one.  When the last of the buttons were undone, Melissa shrugged
her shoulders.  Her dress split down the front.  Melissa slowly
lifted her fingers to the opening, pulling the soft jersey open
past the nipples of her naked breasts. 

     Taking a deep breath, Melissa shrugged her shoulders,
spilling her soft full breasts out of the opening, where they
stood proudly, jiggling in the reflected light of the screen. 

     Her mind pictured Bill, "My wife really likes watching that
guy jerk off.  She'd really come if she had her hand on his cock,
too.  She's so hot with my hand on her wet cunt, she'll do
anything and that'll turn me on, too." 

     Bill's voice in her ear said, "I think you just came with a
finger in your pussy, while you watched him jerk off.  Did you
like having a finger in your wet cunt while you watched a hard
cock get jerked off?" 

     "Oh yes!  I'm hotter than a firecracker, just watching him
and having you feel me.  I like watching him jack off." 

     Bill's nose tickled her ear as he whispered, "Don't just
talk about it, do it if you want to.  I'll get my cock out so you
can jerk off my prick at the same time.  That way you can feel
two cocks at the same time." 

     "Jesus, Bill, I was just kidding.  I couldn't jack him off.
I don't even know him.  What if someone should see me?"  Melissa
whispered into her husbands ear.  She was only faking reluctance
to his suggestion, she was ready to try anything that sounded
sexy at that moment. 

     "So what if they do see you," he whispered back at her.
"What are they going to say with all of that going on up front on
the screen?  Besides, if you don't take hold of his prick, I'll
quit finger fucking your cunt. I'd really like to see you jerk
him off."

     "Would you really like to watch me jack off his prick?" 

     "Your damn right I would.  It would even make me hornier 
than I am right now.  I'm going to pull my prick out so you can
have a hard cock in each hand." 

     His fingers left her pussy to slide the zipper of his pants,
and quickly his throbbing, erect penis was standing from his lap
like a spear.  Her fingers curled around Bill's prick, feeling
the good, strong hardness and began to stroke him. She slowly
lowered her right arm and hand to the empty seat between them,
palm up, fingers curling as though holding his prick as her wrist
made small jacking motions on the empty seat, as if she had his
cock in her empty hand and was masturbating it. 

     The stranger looked at her hand, then her face to see her
level eyes open with invitation as she opened her naked thighs
wider for his inspection. 

     With slow movements, he slipped from his seat into the empty
seat next to Melissa, as she removed her arm from the seat and
rested it on the armrest between them.  Her hand was hanging over
the armrest. 

     Melissa removed the stranger's hand from his cock, and
replaced it with her own.  She let a small moan escape her as she
thrilled to the feel of another man's cock in her hand.  She
marveled at its hardness and heat. 

     Now, with both pricks in her hands, Melissa found and kept a
rhythm, jacking both men off.  It was obvious that they both were
enjoying the blonde wantonly jerking them off in public.  They
were both moaning and beginning to hump their hips in response to
her movements. 

     Very shortly, and from long experience, she knew Bill was
about to come.  She maintained her movements, stroking the length
of both cocks, and was soon rewarded with a loud moan from Bill
and a long spurt of his cum up and into the light from the
screen.  The stranger must have been watching, because almost
immediately, he, too, shot stream after stream of thick cum on to
the back of the seat in front of him. 

     Melissa never felt hotter than she did at that second.  Her
hands were covered with the men's cooling cum, so she pulled her
top together loosely and made her way out to the restroom.  She
was almost to the Ladies' room door when she realized she was
being followed.  She turned to find the young usher stepping up
to her. 

     He smiled a charming smile, "I was watching your performance
up there.  You are terrific." 

     Melissa returned his smile, "You're a bad boy to be watching
other people.  You should be fired."

     "How about jerking me off, now?" 

     "Why, how crude!  Why should I?" 

     The usher grinned and lowered his zipper, "How's this for a
reason?"  He had produced a very hard and very large cock,
pointing directly at Melissa. 

     "I'm not going to jack that monster off, but follow me." 

     They both stepped into the Ladies' room.  Melissa raised her
skirt up to her waist as she leaned back against the cold
porcelain of a sink.  The usher walked his big cock up to and
into Melissa's hot, steamy, dripping cunt.  There were no
niceties.  Both knew that this was going to be fast and furious,
each seeking a needed release with the help of the other. 

     The usher was young and strong and pounded his hardness into
her tight cunt.  Out and in, almost its entire length on each
stroke.

     Melissa, fully aroused by the dual jackoff in the theater,
was near a colossal climax when the usher penetrated her.  Now,
just a few strokes later, she surrendered totally to the immense
wave of the orgasm that was washing over every cell in her body. 
The usher continued his pounding and Melissa continued coming,
moaning, grunting, almost shouting with the pleasure each stroke
was giving her. 

     The usher speeded up his thrusts, grunting, "Yea, oh, yea!"
through his gritted teeth.  Melissa could feel him tense up with
his approaching orgasm, and wrapped her arms around his neck,
"Come on!  Fuck me!  Really shove it into me!  Fill my cunt with
your cum!" 

     It was all the urging the young man needed.  His cock
erupted in her steaming cunt.  Each of his thrusts was now
lifting Melissa's feet off the floor with its force and she
wrapped her arms tightly around his neck. 

     Finally, the usher slowed is assault on her pussy.  His cock
made a loud slurping noise as he removed it from her tight, wet
cunt, causing both of them to laugh.  The young man was zipping
up when he smiled at Melissa and said, "I know it's a corny joke,
but...Thanks, I really did need that!" 

     Melissa gave him a small kiss on the cheek and walked out
the Ladies's room door and back to her seat.  The stranger was
gone and Bill asked, "Is everything okay?" 

     The blonde smiled a smile obvious even in the darkness, "Oh,
yes!  Everything is perfect!" 

     They left the theater a few minutes later.  At home, they
undressed each other, preparing to continue their night of lust.

     Naked and on the bed, Bill was hard and ready to mount
Melissa, when she stopped him and asked him to eat her, first. 
Bill was only too happy to oblige, and when his tongue was buried
up her cunt, Melissa began her best orgasm of the night, thinking
of the young usher's cum in the same hole, only a few minutes
before.  She was sure Bill couldn't detect it and she was also
sure she would never tell him; liking it as her little secret. 
She would never tell Bill he was eating a stranger's cum out of
his wife's pussy!  The thought took her over the brink, again and
she thought, "Oh, God, what could possibly top this?" 

                           Chapter 2 
                         In the Movies 

     "Do you know that it's been exactly one month since we had
our adventure at the adult theater?" 

     They sat in the living room, watching a taped movie on their
VCR.  Bill had joined a video club and they enjoyed renting the
X-rated films.  They watched a couple a week, and then went to
bed and screwed until they were exhausted. 

     "Are you thinking about me jacking off a couple of cocks,
again?"  Melissa asked, with a flutter of her eyelids for effect.


     Bill smiled, idly rubbed the silky skin of her thigh just
above the smooth curve of her knee, then moving higher on her
sleek thigh, towards her heat and moistness.  "Are you?" 

     "God, yes!"  Melissa writhed as his fingers touched her
panty-covered pubis, "I'm ready to go to that theater again, any
time you are!"

     "You liked that little jacking off adventure, didn't you
baby?  His soft voice murmured seductively, "And you dig getting
your cunt finger-fucked while you jacked off two big, hard
pricks."

     His finger pushed through the silken fabric of her moist
panties at her erect clit.  Melissa began to squirm with delight
at the soft fingering of her hot pussy. 

     "I think we were both really turned on that night. Yes, I'd
like to either do that or some other adventure with you, again,"
Melissa purred, "I liked it when I had two fingers in my pussy
and a prick spurting cum in each hand.  Now that was really a
turn on for me." 

     "What I'd also like to do is watch you either finger fuck
another lady, or eat her, of fuck her, or something like that.
You know what I mean, have dirty sex with another woman while I
could watch, just like you watched me jack off those cocks there
in the movie house." 

     "Well honey, I'd like that too. If we could figure out how
to get another lady for me, or a guy for you.  Maybe we could
both watch each other fucking and sucking."  

     "I don't know whether I'd rather have you watch me, or me
watch you." 

     "Or, maybe watch each other!" 

     After a few minutes of silence, Melissa spoke again, "You
know that I do like these screw movies and I like to watch them
with you and then make love, but...our adventure at the theater
was more exciting than these movies." 

     Bill probed harder at her clit, his finger worming under the
elastic band of her panties, sinking into her wet cunt. 

     "Yes, I know.  You'd like to see that night on video,
wouldn't you Melissa?" 

     "Damn right I would. We're just as good, maybe even better
than the turkeys we watch on those tapes.  Why don't we star in
our own movies?  We could get a camera and take movies of us at
the theater, then watch them whenever we wanted right here at
home. 

     She squirmed as his plunging finger sent pleasure rippling
down her belly. 

     "Too dark.  Can't take movies there, not enough light for a
video camera." 

     "Well, damn it, William!  That's what I want to do.  You're
smart about cameras, can't you figure something out?  You can if
you put you mind to work." 

     She began to grope his cock as his finger worked on her
clit.  "But right now, let's get to bed.  I want that hard cock
in me, right now!" 

     In minutes, his feet were digging into the sheets, stroking
his pounding prick into her open cunt.  Melissa's legs locked
around the small of his back  and her ass lifted on his down
stroke, as she felt the pussy juice run down the crevice of her
shapely ass.  Bill pulled her tight as his cock spurted into her
tight pussy.  Her cunt milked the cum from his prick, while she
felt her own orgasm taper off and then slowly stop. 

     As they drifted into sleep, Melissa felt another small,
quiet orgasm twitch her body as she again thought of jacking off
two cocks, and especially as she thought about fucking the young
movie usher, and not telling Bill about it as he ate her cunt
only a few minutes later.  Finally relaxed and tired, she drifted
into sleep. 

     Two days later, Bill burst into the house, excited about the
package in his arms. 

     "Wait until you see it."  Bill opened the big box to reveal
a color video camera.  "I've got a camcorder!  I also bought a
tripod, a remote control switch, and an auto-focus, low-light
lens for the camera.  You're going to be a star baby!" 

     The remainder of the evening was filled with trying out the
camera, the auto focus lens and the portable recorder.  Much
giggling from Melissa while the conspirators planned just where
and how they were going to shoot their "epic" movie, and how they
were going to get some of their friends into the movies without
their friends being aware that they were being filmed. 

     Bill shot about twenty minutes of Melissa undressing slowly,
lying on the bed and masturbating for the camera, her soft red
tipped fingernails toying with her pink clit while Bill adjusted
and fiddled with the settings on the camera, occasionally even
moving the lights in the bedroom. 

     Melissa demanded equal time, playing at being both a
director and a camera man, with Bill holding a copy of Playboy
magazine and jacking off to the centerfold.  Melissa zoomed in as
he spurted his cum from his cock onto the fold-out page,
capturing on tape the squirting creamy juice. 

     In playback in slow motion later, Melissa was fascinated to
watch the white jets arc out to softly splash and cling to the
slick magazine pages as her husband milked every drop of cum onto
the smiling Bunny. 

     In bed later, the camera in the closet, lens fixed on the
bed, the overheated couple fucked for the camera, capturing the
action to watch later.  Performing for the camera, made Melissa
feel sexy and extroverted, giving them both a night in bed they
would enjoy watching over and over. 

     Watching her make love to another man was beginning to be an
obsession with her husband.  He dreamed up one scenario after
another that would end with him filming another man fucking
Melissa.  Finally, they agreed to invite a few friends over and
see what developed.

     The next week flew by, as they tried camera angles and
lighting in the bedroom.  Another week and they felt that they
had solved the problems, their camera work was good, the lighting
fine, the finished product of their tests with the unit was as
good as the taped movies they had rented.  They were all set to
shoot their big epic movie. 

     Much planning went into the selection of the guests, with
three couples invited, for a total of eight for dinner Saturday
night.  Polly and Harry were from Melissa's office.  Polly was a
free talking, very pretty lady with long black hair and big tits
which Bill admitted really turned him on.  Harry was the office
manager over Melissa and although nothing had gone on between
them, Melissa often felt his bold eyes on her tits and ass.  His
quick look at her legs when she crossed them indicated he
definitely had an eye for the women, but Melissa could only guess
if he fooled around. 

     Melissa invited another couple because she noticed the bulge
in the guy's swimsuit when they met at a mutual friend's pool
party.  His name was Bill, also, but everyone called him "Bull"
and his live-in girlfriend was Susan.  She was a petit blonde
with a wide, sensuous mouth and a great ass that she loved to
swing when she thought a male was looking, which was often. 
Melissa's Bill said, "She looks like she just got out of bed and
can't wait to get back in."  Melissa laughed. 

     Bill invited his old friend, George, and told him to bring a
friend.  George, a professional football player who had injured
his knee five years ago, was selling insurance now.  They did not
know who George would bring to the dinner. 

     Saturday evening, just before the guests were to arrive,
Melissa modeled her outfit for Bill.  A new dress of an expensive
gold woven fabric, it was slit from the hem to the upper thigh. 
It was a wrap-around that fastened at her waist with a wide black
band and buckle. 

     When she bent over, the loosely wrapped top fell even more
open and her lovely, creamy breasts were exposed to well below
the nipples. 

     She wore no panties, and showed Bill how she could flash her
naked cunt at whoever was directly across from her by sitting
demurely with her knees tightly clasped, turning slightly and
letting her thighs open, her slitted skirt falling away from her
thighs, her skirt opened, exposing her thighs clear up to the
crotch.  By moving just another inch or so, Melissa then showed
Bill her pussy. 

     When the guests arrived, Bill served cocktails.  Melissa
admired George's date's dress, and gave each of the men a chance
to glimpse her pretty pink nipples as she served the napkins for
the cocktails. 

     George's date was Betty, a beautiful light-skinned black
woman for England.  She had a charming accent and a magnificent
ass, that undulated with each step. 

     After dinner, the couples relaxed in the living room with
coffee and brandy.  Melissa sat across from George, tantalizing
him with flashes of her long slim legs, and letting the slitted
dress part occasionally.  George stared into the darkness of the
space between her thighs.   

     Harry, at her right, was being treated to glimpses of her
full breasts whenever she reached over for her drink.  Each time
Harry spoke to her, Melissa leaned slightly toward him, and she
could feel her breasts nudging the wrapped opening on her blouse,
parting the soft material, exposing her nipples. 

     Between showing George her thighs and Harry her breasts,
Melissa was getting aroused.  She could visualize the size of
Harry's prick by the swelling bulge in his lap as she watched him
dart glances into the dark cleavage of her full breasts.  She
enjoyed feeling the power to turn Harry on, feeling the moisture
beginning to gather on the lips of her naked pussy. 

     The sensuous blonde housewife decided that she really liked
being looked at and admired sexually, and besides looking at male
buns, really liked looking at the swelling male lap, wondering
about the size and shape of the masculine organ in hiding. 

     The dinner party slowly broke into couples, Bill and Susan,
Melissa and George, with Bull talking to Polly.  Heading for the
bar to get another brandy, Melissa took George's hand and pulled
him to the bar.  "Would you help a girl George.  I need someone
to open a new bottle of brandy, and you look like you'd be good
at uncorking and unscrewing." 

     "I don't know too much about unscrewing, but I'd be glad to
help," George leered.  "I never heard of anyone getting
unscrewed."

     "Well if you don't know anything about unscrewing," Melissa
laughed, "what do you know about?" 

     "I know about football.  I know about insurance.  And I do
know you're not wearing any panties.  I know that you've been
showing me your pretty pussy all night, and I know that you're
the most desirable lady here tonight.  I also know that if you
weren't married, I'd sure give you a run."  George touched her
hip, his big black hand lightly caressing her flared hip through
the gold fabric. 

     Pouring and warming the brandy, Melissa smiled at him,
touching his hand with hers, scratching at the back of his big
black hand with her fingernails while she moved closer to the big
football star, lightly pressing the tips of her breasts into his
thick arm. 

     "Not only am I not wearing any panties, just so you could
see my pussy, but I'm not wearing any brassiere either. I'm
totally nude underneath this thin material.  And all of it is
just for you, George." 

     The light grazing of her nipples against George's heavily
muscled arm, made Melissa's nipples harden and she felt a
delightful tremor of pleasure in her pussy as she became more
excited by the second. 

     Melissa placed her ice blue eyes on George's face.  "I'm
married George, not dead!  Bill and I get along fine, but I do
what I do, and Bill does what he does.  We don't own each other." 
    Melissa leaned forward, hunching her shoulders slightly,
allowing George free vision of her succulent pink nippled
breasts.  "Like to see more of these?" Melissa purred, moving her
shoulders so her full, heavy breasts quivered and shook with
ripples. 

     "Sure, I'm interested.  What do we do about it?"  the husky
black growled. 

     "George, you can have me anytime you want me.  Just
whistle." 

     George pursed his lips and a slow, long whistle emitted from
his mouth. 

     "Bill", she called out, "George and I are going to talk
about that insurance policy on the house.  Do you want to come
along and talk about it now?" 

     Bill, deep in conversation with Susan waved a negative
gesture.  "You two can talk business, I'm busy here," his eyes
devouring Susan.  Susan's infectious laughter brought giggles
from the ladies and a chuckle from Bull. 

     Bill knew where Melissa and George were going as he watched
Melissa lead George down the hallway to the master bedroom, where
the camera was hidden in the closet.  The camera lens peeked out
between the clothing hung in the closet.  Focused on the bed and
the mirror on the wall. 

     Before Melissa could close the bedroom door behind them,
George's hands slid up under her skirt.  Melissa pulled away from
his hands, "Not so fast, my friend.  Just sit down here on the
bed while I close and lock the door."  Melissa slipped the lock.
"Now, my friend I've been showing you what I've got, now it's
time to let me see what you've got.  You sit down and let little
Melissa do it all for you." 

     Positioning the husky black male where the camera was
focused, she sat on the edge of the bed, her heel sliding to
touch the floor switch that turned on the camera.  Melissa
reached her fingers to his zipper and drew it down, the teeth
making a soft buzzing sound as she pulled it down from his belt
buckle to his crotch. 

     Her hand found the opening and reached into the warmth of
his groin, searching for his hardening organ at the opening of
his jockey shorts. 

     Success!  Her fingers touched the cock and drew it from it's
hiding place.  Still drooping like a ripe banana, his thick
skinned male organ emerged.  It hung, semi-soft, semi-hard, black
shafted with a pinkish, mushroom shaped knobby head, half hidden
with foreskin. 

     "That feel good, honey?"  She asked as she stroked his heavy
foreskin lightly back and forth over the bulbous knob of his
black cock.  She knelt between his outstretched knees and leaned
forward into his crotch. 

     "Better and better," was his husky, low answer.  His cock
began to thicken as her hands fondled it lovingly, touching the
silken skin lightly with her fingertips, tracing the heavy black
veins that stood from the circumference of his mighty rod. 

     She began milking his black prick from root to tip,
squeezing on the pulling stroke, lightly pushing the skin back
toward his balls on the return caress, until she was rewarded by
a clear drop of honey oozing from the deep hole on the tip of his
pecker, a crystal jewel of liquid sparkling against the pink
blackness of his knob. 

     "I really like it when a prick starts leaking!"  Melissa
murmured with a lascivious lick of her red lips.  "I get turned
on something fierce when I get to swallow even just a little bit
of cum!" 

     She traced the heavy swollen veins standing out from the
stem of his cock with one hand while the other opened the tie at
the side of her blouse, pulling it open to bare her succulent
breasts to him.  His black hand covered one, squeezing and
touching the soft flesh, his large, rough fingers rubbing the
erect nipple, coaxing it further. 

     Her hand now pumped his prick with increasing pressure 
squeezing and pulling.  The drops welling from the deep hole in
the tip began to pearl and then to run down over the knobby head.
Bending slightly forward, her pink tongue dipped into his honey,
licking it from the smooth skin.  Her palate, rewarded, savored
the sticky liquid that spread to coat her tongue and the inner
surface of her mouth.

     Pumping more, Melissa caught another drop and then touched
the opening of his black prick to the pink nipple of her breast.
The nipple sparkled as she coated it with the honey welling from
his cock.  She ran her tight fingers to the base of his cock
milking it toward the tip, squeezing the clear honey out to hang
on his glans in a thick pearl.  She bent, squeezing harder, until
the quivering droplet hung, then left the dark knob to descend
slowly to her pink erect nipple.   

     She pulled his long cock harder, jacking him off, her hand
flew on the thick black root clutched between her grasping palm.

      "George, I've always had this fantasy of sucking off a big
black prick and swallowing the juicy cum.  I'm going to suck all
the juice from your prick, and then let it slide slowly down my
throat." 

     George smiled at the blonde, "Be my guest, Bitch!" 

     Melissa bent forward, touched her pointed pink tongue to the
honey welling from the slitted hole in his black prick, wetting
the head with her flickering tongue.  She rolled his heavy
foreskin out from his groin, gathering it around the head of his
prick in her mouth, forcing her flickering tongue between the
heavy folds of soft skin and the swollen head. 

     She delighted in the different taste, the musky savor of
skin between his black soft foreskin and the salty taste of the
honey welling from the head of his cock. 

     "That's it honey. Suck me.  Suck up my juicy cock.  Take it
all and suck the cum right out of my balls."  His hoarse voice
implored her to more suction, his black hands and fingers busy
milking and squeezing her full breast and coaching her nipples to
stand up hard. 

     "Uummm," her muffled answer came from deep in her throat,
around the prick in her well-stuffed mouth. 

     His big black hands cupped her head tenderly, drawing her
face down over the thick black stalk welling milky juices onto a
thick glob of silver honey at the tip of his prick. 

     Her sensitive tongue could feel the surges in his cock head
as the throbbing increased to a steady beat.  Sliding her mouth
farther, engulfing more and more of his prick, feeling the
bulbous head go deeper and deeper until her nose rested against
his belly, cushioned by the wiry black hair in his groin, the
zipper teeth scraping her nostrils.  She hadn't been sure if she
could take all of him, but, in her excited state, it had been
easier than she could have hoped. 

     She swallowed, her throat gulping, massaging his glans with
her throat, then, tight lipped, she pulled back, milking his cock
with her mouth, savoring the musky juice coating her oral cavity. 
Twice more her mouth sucked in the length of his black prick,
deep throating him, when he started to shudder, his body tensing.


     Once more her lips traveled from tip to root, then holding
his surging prick with the hand farthest from the camera lens,
she pulled her lips free and open mouthed, aimed his prick to the
opening, a distance of about five or six inches. 

     She jacked and pumped the black rod, turned on by the
thought of the camera catching the juice from his balls entering
her mouth, thinking of the juice spraying out from the tip of his
cock into her ready waiting and eager mouth. 

     The first hot squirt spanned the space to splash into her
mouth, a glob of silver musky juice, and she leaned slightly
closer to catch the second spurted offering, trapping it with her
open mouth. 

     As the squirting black prick spurted less sperm, she
followed with her mouth, closer now to the spitting squirting end
of his cock, until she had captured the last of the sticky sperm
in her open mouth. 

     Slowly, her lips slid over the pink black knob and she
pulled all of his still pulsing prick into her mouth, feeling it
soften.  Melissa's fingers tightened at the base of his prick,
squeezing the thick shaft upwards, her fingers on top of his rod,
thumb underneath as she slowly squeezed the sticky hot cum from
his prick, watching the pearly sperm form on the clefted black
glans. 

     Her head slowly bent over his cock, as she began to lick at
the sperm with the tip of her tongue, swirling her pointed pink
tongue into the hole. Licking up all of his sticky silver juice
from the tip of his knob, down to his balls, cleaning off all of
the warm wetness, then she pushed his cock back into her mouth. 

     Gently sucking at the lump of flesh, savoring the juices and
the feel of the softening satin smooth skin, Melissa played with
his softening cock, catching and holding the glob of hot sperm,
then turning her head slightly to face the hidden camera, she
smiled lasciviously into the lens. 

     Pulling his cock back, George began to draw it from her
lips, until it fell from her lips with an audible pop. 

     "Now it's my turn. My turn to suck you off, Melissa." The
husky black male leaned forward, holding Melissa's shoulders with
his big hands as he pulled her forward and up onto the bed. 

     "George, I'd rather not, we've been in here so long that
someone will wonder what happened to us, and besides, when I get
a tongue in my pussy, I like to keep it there one long time." 

     "To hell with the others!"  George growled. 

     "Well, at least think of my husband out there," Melissa
smiled demurely, eyes cast down, trying to look as virginal as
possible. 

     "I do have a marriage and a reputation to protect, but I'd
sure take a rain check for some time later, maybe even later
tonight, if this party ever gets livened up like I hope that it
will, especially if you help it along by sexing it up out there
with the other girls." 

     "You mean you want me to help you turn this party into an
orgy?" 

     "Now that would be fun, wouldn't it George.  How would you
like to fuck one of the girls out there?  And which one would you
like to fuck, besides me?" 

     "Well," his brow furrowed with thought, "I've already fucked
Betty plenty of times, and you would be my next choice, but I'd
like to fuck that sexy little blonde bitch, Susan, too." 

     "Then why don't you help me out and let's get sexy out there
with the others until we get a full blown swinging orgy started."


     "I'll do it, let's go get the fucking started." 

     "Slow down now."  Melissa's voice calmed down the big ex-
football player.  "We've got to play this cool, letting the
others warm up a little slow if we want to get a real swinging
party started.  We might get them all a little drunk, and relax
any inhibitions they may have.  Then, when they are all relaxed
and happy, bang, we fuck all of them!" 

     George broke into laughter at her light hearted planning,
not really sure if she was kidding him, or really planning a full
blown orgy for the group tonight. 

     "Are you serious, Melissa?" 

     "You bet your sexy, black ass I'm serious, do you want to
help out, and fuck Susan, or not?" 

     "Sure, I'll help.  What do you want me to do?" 

     "Here is what we'll do, as soon as we get around to it,
later this evening, we'll ...

                         THE BABY SITTER

     It all started out as a perfectly ordinary Saturday
night--and ended up as a perfectly wonderful one, one which may
have changed my sexstyle forever.  Since I live at home with my
parents, I often babysit for neighbors to earn enough money to
continue my studies at a local junior college.  Ours is an
average, middle class neighborhood and the people are nice,
though I have to admit that until that night I never thought of
any of the people I worked for as sexy.

     I guess curiosity just got the best of me that evening and I
ended up sampling a bit more than the Jameson's than I'd
expected.  The Jameson's--  that's Dick and Kathy, a nice looking
couple in their early thirties.  I sit for their one year old,
Jason.  He's a good baby, very quiet and well behaved, and that's
why I was so surprised that night when Dick came back that
evening after being gone only a few hours.  He said he just
wanted to look in on Jason  and see how he was, but I could sense
that something was up.

     Dick finally admitted that he and his wife, Kathy, had a
fight at the party they'd been to and that he had left her there. 
She was to spend the night with a girlfriend, he told me, and in
the meantime, could he pay me to stick around for a few hours and
take care of the baby?  I'd be glad to, I said, and after I
phoned my parents and told them the situation, they gave me
permission to do whatever I had to do.

     When I returned, Dick had made me a drink and the baby was
sleeping.  I could sense that he needed someone to talk to and so
I instinctively gave him my shoulder to lean on, never thinking
that for a minute that it would lead to sex.  But before long,
Dick apologized for blabbing away about his troubles and asked me
about my boyfriends, asking me to tell him what I liked  about
the opposite sex.  One thing lead to another and soon the feeling
of closeness, we became enveloped in a warm embrace.

     It wasn't long before he led my hand to his zipper, I leaned
in and removed his cock.  Falling to my knees, I slowly wrapped
my lips around it.  I  would have given anything to see the
expression on his face then, but as it was, I had to take his
throbbing erection as my sole evidence of how much he appreciated
what I was doing with him.  I closed my eyes to savor the taste
and feel in my mouth, slowly running my tongue along the ridge of
circumcision.

     I could hear Dick's sudden gasp on pleasure as my mouth
closed around his cock.  His hand dug into my hard, pulling me
closer as his hips thrust vigorously back and forth.  I closed my
eyes again, sucking hard and eagerly  at his thick eight inches. 
I could feel the head of his prick slam the back of my throat
with each powerful thrust and this excited me all the more.  The 
feel of his hard, straining cock in my mouth awakened a savage
hunger in me I'd rarely known before. but couldn't wait to
satisfy.

     He was fucking my face with short, hard strokes by then, but
I loved it and wanted more.  I took him in as much as I could
each time, but I wanted it all, imagining in my mind's eye that
it was my hot, wet cunt he was fucking his big prick slid in and
out of me as the wet, slurping sounds filled our ears.  Dick was
breathing hard and pressing my face in so far my nose was pulsing
vein press my cheeks out.  I couldn't help frigging my clit, I
was so excited by this forbidden enterprise!

     Dick's hands tightened in my hair, but I kept his prick deep
in my mouth, eagerly awaiting the hot, jetting spurts of cum I
could feel building up in his testicles.  Then I felt the hot
blasts, hot and wet and sticky.  I sucked hard squeezing his
sperm-bloated balls and trying to draw out the last precious
drops and savor the delicious taste.

     To my complete surprise, I began coming myself just then of
all the  guys I had sucked, no one had ever given my an orgasm
before, at least not with out eating me as I blew him.  My pussy
contracted again and again, sending waves of pleasure throughout
my body.  I took my hand out of my pussy and held onto Dick's
pride for dear life, gasping for air through my nostrils  as the
final spurts of jism filled my throat as I gulped them down.

     By the time I had composed myself enough to let Dick's cock
slip out of my grip, I was in for another surprise.  I caught my
breath, licked the last of the jism and opened my eyes.  Standing
in the doorway was Kathy, Dick's wife!  Dick saw her at the same
time I did and his body tensed as I jumped back, ready for
anything.

     Not a word was spoken as Kathy came towards us.  I was
already on my feet, smoothing down my skirt and looking for a
place to hide, when Kathy put her hands on my shoulders and
looked deeply into my eyes.  "This couldn't be what I thought it
was, could it?", was my first thought as her hands touched  my
shoulders one part of me felt sure the woman was going to
strangle me  then, while the other part felt a strange,
unfamiliar tingling in my loins.

     I tensed momentarily, then relaxed, as Kathy's hands cupped
and squeezed my breasts.  I found myself kissing her, slowly and
deeply, her tongue  probing the depths of my mouth, and bringing
the heat in our bodies to full  flame.  We pressed in hard
against each other, running our cunts together as  shamelessly
right in front of her husband as our tongues intertwined.  I
could  feel her hands unbuttoning my shirt as we kissed and soon
her hands had a firm  grip on my tits.  She was pinching each
nipple between her thumb and fore-finger as we ground against
each other.  The focus of lust in my cunt grew unbearable.

     Somehow or other the three of us managed to stumble and trip
our way into the bedroom.  Dick was part of it now, helping me
take off my skirt as he  assisted his wife in slipping out of her
bra so I could touch her soft, full  breasts.  Kathy's breasts
are much bigger than mine, and I'd always envied her that,
unconcousily.  But now I couldn't wait to wrap my lips against
each nipple and suck them like her infant son.

     With all three of us naked on the bed at last, Kathy spread
her legs  for me gas I hovered above her.  My gaze was drawn, as
if be a magnet, to her soft, warm pussy and I reached out my hand
hesitantly to touch it.  Dick was behind me, his hands cupping my
tits as he leaned over my shoulder.

     "Kiss it, baby.  Eat my cunt, " I heard Kathy whisper and I
was irresistably drawn to it.  Dick got around beside me and put 
his hand on the back of my head, gently pushing me down into
Kathy's clit.  I was immediately rewarded with a gasp of pleasure
from her as she lifted her hems and pushed  Dick's hands out of
the way so she could bury my face in her own beautiful  pussy.  I
swept my tongue across her cunt lips, up and down, and shot my
tongue deep inside her when I hardened it into a stiff pink "V". 

     I wriggled in to get closed to her as Kathy's hands gripped
my hair and held me firmly in place.  My haunches were high in
the air as I twisted my neck and shoulders to get my tongue in
deep.  Anything to give her pleasure in this, my very first time
with another woman.  Kathy's moans and screams of pleasure were
enthusiastic, telling me how well I was doing each time I touched
her clit.  The only time her hands left my hair was to spread her 
luscious pink cunt lips wider.

     Dick had grown hard and stiff again just from watching all
the action.  He got back around me, kneeling in much the same way
that I knelt behind his wife's sweaty thighs, and began playing
with my pussy, checking it for sweatiness and occasionally
spreading it downwards with his hands.  At the same time I could
sense him taking his blood engorged cock into his hand and 
testing my asshole and cunt.

     He would stick just the tip in my pussy and sweep gobs of
love juice down into my anus.  Then he would try me there,
prodding against the tight, puckered opening with insistent
force.  Finally I could stand it no longer the next time he put
his prick in my pussy, I lifted my head and pressed back into
him, so hard that his thickness was embedded to the hilt.

     Kathy screamed, "Oh, god, don't stop!  Don't stop eating my
pussy!", and reached up frantically to bring my head back down. 
But she didn't have to worry.  I had no intention of stopping
eating her.  Dick began pounding my pussy grabbing mounds of
flesh at my hips as he straightened his back and thrust into my
with merciless intensity.

     Kathy was beside herself be then as the tension and
anticipation of climax mounted within us.  She was squirming
about on the bed so frenzied that I could barely keep her still
long enough to find her sweet pussy and eat it some more.  But
when I did find it, her shuddering climax seemed to trigger my
own and I shot over the edge with a rush.  My pussy tightened
convulsively around her husbands thrusting cock and I felt it
leap inside me, spraying my insides with semen.

     Kathy moaned mindlessly, flailing her arms on the bed as her
husband poured his load in me and she came.  As for me, all of my
joints and muscles had experienced while blowing Dick was
heightened tenfold.  The three of us came almost simultaneously,
a mind-warping, bone jarring explosion that left us weary and
exhausted.  Dick slowly slid out of my cunt and the three of us
nestled in a panting heap of arms and legs on the bedspread.

     Not that any of us had the opportunity to think about the
night before, but Kathy explained later that she had been
enjoying lesbian interludes with some of her friends for some
time and it had been putting a strain on their marriage.  Now
that the three of us were established as a threesome, and she
could share me with Dick, she felt much happier and more secure
about her marriage.  As you've probably guessed, the three of us
continued to see each other quite a bit in the months and weeks
to come.

     Since then, I have eagerly pursued threesome activity
whenever I babysit.  Strangely--I would feel guilty having sex
with only one of the marital partners.  These days I'm frequently
hired to babysit for couples who never go out at all!  We simply
'stay-in'--each other's cunt's and arms and genitals.  With these
feverish sessions as an alternative, who wants to go to the
movies?

                          PARK & RIDE 
 
     This is one experience I had as I driving in the Washington
DC area. It's intent is to illustrate the varied and sometimes
unusual exploits I have witnessed. This is only one of many. This
is the first time I have put these experiences in writing. Please
excuse mistakes, I am liable to make plenty. 

     It all started one day as when I decided to stop at local
Park and Ride to rest, I had started early that morning. The
closest car was about 4 spaces to the right of my car. A male was
sleeping (so I thought) inside. After making some notes
concerning my work earlier that day I too decided to rest, and
put the seat back and began to drift to sleep. 

     As a truck passed I awoke, looking around I noticed the man
in the other car still there and not aware I was in my car. He
was looking down and suddenly I noticed a blond woman's head
bobbing over his lap. He was smiling while watching her head bob.
As time went on she stopped and sat up. She was wearing no top
and had perfect tits and body (from what I could see). 

     They kissed as I went unnoticed (thank God). Soon she
started to climb onto his lap ( I must be sleeping I thought ).
There she was bouncing up and down on his lap with me watching. I
couldn't believe this would be happening in broad day light. As I
watched from my laid-back position this wonderful woman would
slow and speedup as her lover held and fondled her tits. This
went on for quite a while (What staying power!!), with her
leaning over for her lover to take her tits into his mouth. After
they had enough fucking she laid back against the passengers door
and lifted her legs . The man, of course, lowered his head and
return the pleasure she had given him earlier. 

     The position she was in, however, gave away my hiding place.
At first she seemed reluctant but she didn't stop him. She did
put on dark sunglasses so I couldn't see her eyes or where she
was looking. I suspect she was excited by watching me watch her.
They again changed positions with her on top bouncing away. This
time she spent time looking over to my car. I was trying to hide
myself the best I could, but watching this beautiful woman was
ssoooo gooodddd...When they had finally reached climax she just
sat on top of him. I relaxed suspecting they would leave soon. 

     That's when I heard the car door open. As I looked over at
them, she had gotten out of the car NAKED, and walked to the
passenger side of their car, got in, and got dressed. Well, show
was over. As they pulled away she looked back and waived... 

     Not much of a rest but well worth the stop. They have been
back again. 
Maybe I'll write another letter describing those and other events
I have witnessed..This is for real. Anyone else have a similar
experience they would like to share???... 

     I love Washington !!!!

                       Randi and Tiffany 
 
     The young man almost groaned outloud as he felt for the very
first time, a woman's body pressing every so close to his.  And
not just some ordinary woman's body, but that of his most lovely
girl friend, Tiffany.  Young Randi stiffened his arms, and gently
raised himself up onto his hands and knees. the 13-year youngster
was careful NOT to move the area of his loins, as THAT was where
those most exotic feelings were now coming from.  And the reason? 
Simple, because, at this very moment, his 16-year old girlfriend,
Tiffany was spread-eagled out on the soft blanket, where both of
them were hidden behind a tall sand dune.  And the reason for
their most unusually and lovely feelings was that at this very
moment, Randi had simply had yet another orgasm, sending the both
of them into feelings unlike either of them even knew were
possible.  As the extremely handsome young man stiffened his
body, arching his back, and shoving his hips forward, driving his
very long, erect cock deep into Tiffany's tiny, slim body as she
remained stretched out on that blanket. As she felt him shove
that cock into her, causing that hard shaft to slide the full
length up into her wet pussy, she gave a soft cry of delight and
she willingly widened her legs to take even MORE of him into her,
as she wanted everything he had. 

     All this had simply started out as a simple date, when Randi
had asked Tiffany for a date, and to go out on his families boat. 
They had spent much of the day with his family, but later the
parents wanted to spend some time alone.  So they asked the two
youngsters if they would mind just taking a walk along the beach. 

     Since Randi was overwhelmed at how beautiful Tiffany looked,
so sexy, just a little shorter than him, with such a BEAUTIFUL
body, very tiny and petite, yet with very very cute firm breasts,
and as she was still wearing her tiny bikini bathing suit, there
was NO doubt as to how beautiful her body REALLY was.  Randi even
swore he could see her small, dark, hard nipples through the soft
material of her bra, and the sight of them made the young man
awful excited. 

     And as they walked along the boardwalk towards the sand
dunes, he kept glancing over towards her, watching how the thin
white material of her bottom part of her suit fitted SOOOO close
to the shape of her body, even where it curved down between her
slender legs, almost to the point that the cloth pulled up into
the small 'slit' of her vagina, almost as if her skin was
painted.  

     Poor Randi found himself feeling awful aroused at seeing
this.  So much so, that as he walked beside her, he was bashful
when he felt his once small, soft penis, beginning to harden and
stiffen, causing the front of his bathing suit to stick out a
little.  And unknown to him, Tiffany would glance out of the
corner of her eyes and watch that hard bulge, which got HER
almost excited as his seeing her. 

     When they got to the dunes, Randi took the blanket he had
been carrying on his shoulder, and shook it out, and they sat on
it, watching the sun slowly setting.  It was still hot, and he
saw how her body was gleaming with a soft sheen of perspiration. 
And it made her look sooo sexy that he really felt his penis
hardening now,as she sat there, facing him, her legs crossed,
causing the thin cloth of her suit REALLY pulling deeper into
that slit,  until she began to squirm a little uncomfortable as
it 'cut' into her, rubbing against where it made her feel so
nice.  

     As Tiffany then leaned back on her elbows, she stretched out
her long golden legs, and the shiny material of her bathing suit
tugged even deeper into that slit, and in spite of her youth,
Randi could swear he could catch just the glimpse of several soft
strands of her pubic hair as it curled out from beneath that
suit.

     Her stomach was very firm, almost hard and flat, but so sexy
looking as he watched her breathing, the muscles in her tummy
gently moving up and down.  He looked at her tiny belly button,
and he wanted so much to be able to lean down, to press his warm
lips against her soft body.  Then he shifted his eyes to the soft
roundness of her small breasts  so warm looking and he felt he
would simply DIE if he could not soon get a look at them,
noticing how delicious they looked, and especially the dark, hard
nipples as he noticed them through the thin material of her bra.

     Poor Randi just HAD to hide his hard cock now, and with a
groan rolled over onto his stomach,  which brought him up almost
touching Tiffany, as she leaned back on her elbows, so that the
top of her suit tugged upwards, almost uncovering the whole
bottom half of those lovely rounded breasts.  

     And again Randi felt his cock harden, now pushing through
the blanket, against the sand.  A minute later Tiffany flopped
back onto her back.  And laying like that got Randi soooooo
excited, he leaned forward, pressing his lips against the soft
moist lips of Tiffany.  

     Almost from the very beginning, she WANTED him to kiss her,
and she gently opened her mouth, letting Randi slip his tongue
into her hot mouth, his tongue switching back and forth against
hers, until with a soft sigh, she squirmed close to him, wrapping
both her arms around his strong shoulders, pulling him as close
to her as possible. 

     Doing that, pulled his hard, flat belly up against her's,
and he sighed as he felt her own belly now pressing firmly into
her's.  And his hard penis was rubbing hard against the area
deeply between her legs, making her feel sooo sexy, that she
quickly spread her legs apart in order to get that hardness even
better against her.  And within a minute, both the young people
were grinding their hips together.  Until poor Randi KNEW that he
had to keep going further all the time. His hands reached down
under the soft rounded globes of her beautiful buttocks, slipping
under her swim suit, pulling her harder against his hard cock,
which he now ground back and forth against her own responding,
tingling pussy lips as she wanted him to make her feel much much
better. 

     He felt soooo wonderful now, and yet he wanted even more. 
And quickly one hand reached up behind her, finding the buttons
on the back of her suit top, and he unfastened them, reaching
down and flinging that bra away, so that from well below her
belly button to her head, she was completely naked.  Randi gasped
as the sight of those most lovely breasts he had ever seen, so
nice, firm, and her nipples almost as hard as pencil erasers,
just 'begging' for him too....  And quickly Randi knew what he
WANTED to do, and ducking his head, he sucked first one nipple
and then the other into his mouth, his lips, tongue and teeth
teasing those dark points until he listened to his lover groaning
with happiness as she twisted her chest up to him as if to offer
those nipples for him to EAT.

     She loved him soooo much, and wanted him to keep doing these
wonderful things TO HER. Almost from the very beginning Tiffany
could feel something tingling deep in her belly, no, even lower,
something sooo good, that she felt she HAD to get Randi to do
everything he possibly could to make her feel like this.  She
knew that in a few moments they were going to start making love,
and she WANTED to do just that.  She felt she HAD to have Randi
doing all he could to her.  

     His free hand now went down to the ties of her bikini
panties.  And while he distracted her with his sucking, he untied
both sides of her bathing suit, and it fell away from her,leaving
her totally naked.  Raising his head for just a moment, he gulped
as he looked down at that most beautiful body possible.  Her
waist was sooooo tiny, wonderful slim hips, and he could see how
white her flesh was under that bikini, the rest of her body still
slightly tanned.  He could now see that tiny, deep slit...and he
could see those thick pussy lips, her labia, tightly closed, yet
as she relaxed, they 'winked' open just a little as she began to
WANT him to touch every place of her body.

     Gently Randi slid his hand down her tiny flat belly, his
long slim finger sliding into that slit, and in a instant he felt
the warmth, and the wetness of her pussy as she found herself
'preparing' for her lover.  She gasped aloud as she felt his
finger slide just a fraction of an inch into her pussy, rubbing
into her, touching her clitoris which was almost exactly as if
she had reached out and squeezed his cock.  She almost cried out
with joy as she felt that finger massaging in and out of that
deep channel, until she wanted it deeper and harder.  Tiffany
gasped when all of a sudden Randi moved, twisting his body around
until they found each other head to foot.  For a moment she was
puzzled, until she realized WHAT Randi intended to do.  Just the
thought of that cased the poor girl to go wild with happiness. 
She realized that he really WANTED her, and would do just about
anything to make her happy.  As she felt his lips moving down,
down, from her now saliva coated nipples, down to her belly
button, where he licked and sucked for several minutes, and she
began to quiver and shake with happiness as she began to get
hotter and hotter.  

     The girl shivered and almost went wild when she felt Randi's
lips moving down to the small, firm flesh of her belly, as he
licked and kissed her even lower.  

     Raising her head she was just in time to see him move his
head to one side and work down to her small knee, then quickly
moving down to the inside of her leg as he grasped that leg and
spread it wide, even wider until her feet were well over 3 feet
apart...and his lips slipped to the inside of one thigh, and
slowly, teasingly he kissed his way up again, looking out of the
corner of his eyes until he saw what he was after.  THERE THEY
WERE, those now thicker, darker pussy lips as they swelled as she
got hotter and hotter and with a groan the lovely girl felt his
fingers peeling those lips apart, and in another instant she
almost screamed with happiness as she felt his slick wet tongue
slide deep into that slit, and then work up to her highly aroused
clit, which now stood out like a small bump at the very top part
of that opening, as it just 'waited' for her lover to tease and
play with it.

     And while this was the very first time Randi had even seen a
naked girl, something in the back of his mind TOLD him what to
do, and surrounding that clit with his soft, wet lips, he sucked
it into his mouth, rasping his teeth against that bump until with
a sunrise he heard Tiffany groan and her lower body went wild as
she braced her shoulders and feet against the blanket as she
began to 'fuck' against his mouth as hard and fast as she could. 

     She LOVED what Randi was doing, and KNEW she wanted to do
anything to make him feel the same way.So twisting her head to
one side she saw that his hips were not too far from her face,
and she gulped with sunrise, when for the very first time in her
life she saw a man's REAL cock, and in spite of its 'newness' she
trembled with happiness as she saw it 'moving' as Randi moved his
head up and down his tongue searching the full length of her now
highly aroused slit.  She saw that his cock was huge, hardened to
well over 5 inches, and not much smaller than the distance around
her slender wrist.  she could see that at the spot it jutted from
his hard, flat belly, that there hung his balls, now swollen as
part of his excitement.

     She just KNEW what she HAD to do, and gently reaching over,
she grasped that hot cock in both hands, almost dropping it
because it was SOOOO hot and hard, but she managed to hang onto
it.  

    When Randi felt her touch him, he almost jumped as if from an
electrical shock, but then her soft, warm hands cuddled that cock
in them, and totally by instinct Randi pushed his hips forward,
slipping his cock THROUGH her hands causing the soft flesh around
the tip of his cock to slide back, and she gasped when she saw
how his cockhead looked, like the tip of a HUGE spear, already to
pierce her body.  And she KNEW that when that happened she would
be SOOOO happy.  But right now, she just wanted to keep Randi
happy.  So she slowly began to squeeze that cock in BOTH hands,
and to pump her hands back and forth until he felt he had to move
more and faster,and a few seconds later Randi began to pump his
hips against her hand, causing that prick to slip and slide
through her hands until he felt like the tip of his cock was
going to explode with such wonderful feelings.  

     He had NEVER felt THIS good in his whole life...not even
when sometimes he would lay on his back in bed, reach down and do
almost the samething Tiffany was doing now. THEN she wanted even
MORE, and Randi was totally unprepared for what she did next.  

     Quickly Tiffany moved her head forward, grasping the tip of
his cock and bending it towards her soft, wet pink lips, and
opening her mouth slightly, she stuck out her tongue, and just as
the end of Randi's cock touched her warm lips, she slithered her
tongue around and around the tip, leaving a large quantity of her
saliva to lubricate it.  

     Poor Randi jumped almost off the blanket as her tongue
touched his cock, feeling so wonderful that he had the most
wonderful feeling ever.  He felt as if his cock was a gigantic
firecracker, about to explode.  With a cry of joy, the young man
arched his body forward, forcing his hard cock deep between
Tiffany's hot lips, and a split second later he heard her groan
as she felt the wide spear-shaped cock bang against the very back
of her mouth, almost deep into her throat as he pushed it full
length into her mouth.  It felt as if it were in a hot tub of
water, as he then felt her lips surrounds the thick base of his
cock, until her lips were buried against the soft fuzz of hair
that was just beginning to grow above the thick base of his cock. 
He felt her tongue swirling around and around the whole length of
his prick and almost immediately, by instinct, the young man
began to push and pull, moving his hips back and forth several
inches until he could feel his cock working in and out of her
sucking mouth making him feel as if he was going to 'come' any
moment.  He had NEVER done anything that felt this good.  

     While he wanted it to last forever, he knew that in only
another minute they BOTH were going to have their orgasm, and he
wanted it to be the very best.  He again leaned down over her
saliva wet pussy, and ATTACKED her with his lips and tongue until
the air around both their heavily sweating bodies was filled with
their young voices as the felt their orgasms swiftly about to
begin.  

     Then they BOTH felt IT happening, almost together, Randi
felt his insides heating up, and the most wonderful tingling
feeling deep between his legs he had EVER felt, and he knew
something WONDERFUL was happening to him.  He moved yet closer to
Tiffany, so that he was able to 'hump' himself into her mouth
deeper AND faster.  

     At the same time Tiffany felt her lover's tongue flickering
around her swollen clit until it was now driving her crazy.  She
reached down for Randi's brown head, with her fingers intertwined
in his hair she began to pump harder, faster against his mouth. 
Her soft sighing coming faster and deeper as she began to FEEL
LIKE SHE WAS GOING TO EXPLODE inside, then with a loud groan, her
whole body stiffened as hard as a board, her hips arching up off
the blanket until only her shoulders and feet were touching.  She
cried one happy sound after the other as her body shuddered and
convulsed and she felt her loins going crazy as she came.

     Then with a groan she fell limply to the blanket, her hands
falling to her side, her legs falling like a wilted blade of
grass, almost completely exhausted.  Yet she STILL had Randi's hard
cock working in and out of her mouth, and with her remaining
strength she spun her tongue around and around the head of his
cock, her mouth so full of saliva that it completely coated his
hard cock like oil as he pumped faster and harder into her mouth.

     As he felt himself rising to the VERY EXOTIC FEELINGS, Randi
twisted his body, rising to his knees, so that they straddled her
head his knees almost against her ears, lowering his hips, he
knelt over her face, and in this position he just PLAIN FUCKED as
fast and hard as he could.  Moments later he WAS REWARDED as he
felt his cock swell WAY up, suddenly it too seemed to explode,
and for the very first time in his young life he felt something
hot, wet, and very thick BURST out of the tip of his cock.  He
pumped spoonful after spoonful of that stuff deep into his
lover's mouth.

     He heard and felt Tiffany, surprised at this, yet she had
prayed that he would do this, and quickly she swallowed that
stuff, as she tasted it's wet warmth.  

     She loved the taste and feel, knowing that her only LOVER
had REALLY come in her mouth.  She licked that cock as it
continued to pump into her mouth for yet another minute.

     Randi suddenly felt as if he had come to the end of a long
run, as with a soft groan, he fell limply on the blanket. 
Rolling off her tiny body, laying on his side, as he scrambled to
twist around until they were head to head, as he took his lover
in his arms and kissed and hugged her naked body against his.

                       Plumber's Helper  

     Now David was a open minded as the next man, but when his
boss assigned Debbie as his assistant plumber and set them out on
a job, he was just a little disturbed.  He figured it meant he
was going to end up doing all the hard, heavy work since she was
a rather petite young lady of about 24, ("Probably hardly wet
behind the ears", he mumbled to himself). 

     Arriving at the construction site, a new house being built,
he backed up the truck, and quite to his sunrise Debbie jumped
out, grabbing a large tool box, and disappeared into the house,
eager for work.  Walking behind her, David found her physically,
quite interesting, about 5'3", weighing around 120 pounds,
slender but quite shapely, and he did not disapprove of her
rather severely cropped off hair style.  In her work shirt and
jeans, she was a very very attractive figure.  

     Once in the house, they set up their equipment, and went
about their tasks of installing various water pipes that serviced
the kitchen.

     Several hours they worked hard, both sweating profusely, and
when it was lunch time, they retired to a shady, bushy area for
lunch.  There David found that Debbie was engaged to a school
teacher, was really interested in teaching too, but had taken
this job to help pay her way through college.  She acted a little
surprised when David told her he too was not married yet, saying
she expected most guys his age and looks to have 'have been
taken' by now.  

     Sitting there, eating, David could not help notice that in
her sweaty condition, how her blue work shirt, soaked as it was,
clung to her small, but well formed breasts, even to the point
that disclosed that she apparently did not wear a bra.  

     While talking and eating, David heard a buzzing sound, and a
moment later heard Debbie swear,        "Oh shit, I've been stung by a
bee", and she jumped to her feet yanking on the back of her shirt
in an attempt to dislodge the insect.  Seeing a tiny bulge
between her flesh and the shirt, David asked to stand still and
reaching down into the wide open neck of her shirt he located the
bee, and with a yank, pulled it out.

     "Here, let me remove that stinger before it really hurts",
said David, pulling a small jack knife.  

     "Well OK", said Debbie, turning her back to her work
companion, unbuttoning her shirt and shrugging out of it.  

     "Wow", thought David as he saw her slender back, from neck
to waist, well tanned, and very beautiful.  

     In spite of standing primarily behind her, he was afforded a
slight side view, in which he could see the full, but firm
swelling of her left breast, which truly excited him just a
little at that point.  Quickly he noted the dark red spot on her
back, just under her shoulder blade where she had suffered the
sting.  Opening his jack knife, he slowly and carefully scraped
in such a manner that easily extracted that little stinger, and
reaching into his lunch box,.He took out a tube of ointment and a
bandaide and quickly treated the slight, but inflamed wound. 

     With a cheerful smile, young Debbie slipped her work shirt
back over her shoulders, and turned to thank her coworker.  As
they stood there for several long moments, Debbie realized that
her shirt was still unfastened, and that David was staring at
those wonderful fully exposed breasts in their entirety, noting
how firm and upright they appeared, tipped with two small, dark,
but well pointed nipples.  

     "Don't tell me you've never seen something like this
before", laughed the young plumber's assistant with a sign of
mischievness in her voice.

     "Oh sure, I've seen breasts before", muttered a frustrated
David, who in the past few moments was really beginning to notice
other things about his helper that he had overlooked at first. 
Like how at barely over 5 foot in height, how well developed she
appeared, slim, but strong looking arms, slender waist and how
her hips widened out indicating a full, but firm pair of
buttocks, and long slim legs.  She looked fragile, but at the
same time, tough and husky for a girl.  

     Knowing fully what he was doing, David stepped forward, and
slipping his hands between her arms and body, grasped her to him,
until he could feel the warmth of her bare breasts flow through
his own work shirt, and for several long seconds he fully
anticipated a sudden movement from her as she would attempt to
break loose from his embrace.  But that never happened, instead,
a serious look came over her young face, and she cocked her head
to one side and slightly opening her soft, red, moist lips, she
bent forward and kissed her handsome partner full on his mouth,
exhaling her breath in such a manner that David could taste her
delicious breath.

     Quickly he slipped his arms fully around her chest, and
pressed her firmly against him, and in doing so, slid one long
strong leg forward between those of Debbie until he could feel
the warmth of inner thighs, and the firmness of her groin
pressing against his upper thigh.  His right hand slid down, down
until it passed the waist of her jeans, and came to a rest on the
wide, curve of her full buttocks, and with a deliberate sigh from
him, he pulled her even harder against him until he could now
feel her hard, firm belly pressing into him, and could even feel
the hard, protrusion of her pubic bone now forcing its way closer
and harder into his own pubic area, especially in the area of his
crotch where he could already feel the tingling starting as his
penis began to respond to her warmth and body pressure against
it.  

     Softly David sighed, and whispered, "I'm sorry if this
offends you Debbie, but you are really doing something wild to
me, and I want this to continue."  

     "Sure, I understand", sighed the young lady as she too
responded to the physical closeness, by slowly and carefully
adjusting her own body, permitting her legs to spread slightly
apart, permitting him to slip more centrally against her, until
she could now feel that hard warmth of his aroused penis pressing
up fiercely into the region of her vagina causing the thick lips
of her labia, only a fraction of an inch from her aroused
clitoris. 

     Remembering that they were in a well concealed area, David
then reached back behind Debbie, grasping her just above and
behind her knees and lifted the slender woman off her feet and
quickly walked into the thicker brush where she spotted what
appeared a clearing under a large pine tree, where he dropped to
his knees and lowered his companion to the ground until she was
reclining on her back.  

     For a moment she raised herself up on her elbows, long
enough for David to tug her shirt from the waist of her jeans,
and taking it off her, spread it out under her upper torso. 
Gently Debbie laid back not embarrassed at her revealing her
nudity to David as the physical appearance of the young man, and
his lovingness and gentleness was already effecting her.  

     Quickly David laid down next to his slender partner, facing
her, resting on his left elbow, as he leaned over her body, and
lowering his head he again began to gently kiss her with his
mouth, and using his right hand to reach down and began caressing
and massaging her upper torso, starting from below her breast,
until he worked that hand up over that gently swelling, and came
in contact with her pink, partially swollen nipples.  

     With a sign of her understanding, Debbie reached her arms up
around David's neck, and softly lifted herself partially off the
ground in an effort to display her own feelings and affection, as
she opened her mouth and began using the tip of her tongue to
gently caress her partner's inner lips, and as she felt David
instantly respond by opening his teeth, she responded by working
her tongue forward, and then retreating under the fierce
onslaught as she felt his larger tongue spearing into her oral
cavity and twirling and stabbing around in her mouth.

     David then slid his right hand lower and lower towards
Debbie's slender waist, until he felt the unbelted waistline of
her jeans.  Swiftly he worked his fingers around to the area of
her navel and found the top button of her jeans.  His fingers
hesitated not one second, and after a moment, there was the sound
of it almost snapping free and Debbie felt the tightness of her
waistband loosening.  A second later the next button was
unfastened, and then the final two buttons.  

     Already Debbie could feel the slight coolness of the air on
her exposed stomach.  Then David softly peeled the sides back
into a large "V" and starting from her navel he again worked that
hand downward, further and further wondering when it would
anticipate coming in contact with her panties.  But as he
explored lower and lower he felt none.  Then to his surprise he
felt the soft yet kinky pubic hair that covered the area barely
an inch above the cleft of her vagina. 

     "Gosh", he swore to himself, "she ain't wearing any
underwear at all".  And that thought along with the terrific
feeling he was getting from the contact with her body was almost
too much.  Suddenly he knew he was going to do something he had
up to now never accomplished with any of his previous lovers. 
Moving his head downward, he began kissing Debbie's neck, throat,
and still downward to her shoulders, now opening his eyes wide
and trying to focus his senses on her lovely body.  His lips then
found the gentle swelling above her nipples, and trailing a
slender trail of moisture, he sought and located her already
slightly aroused nipples.  Hungrily he opened his lips, but
separating his teeth, so that as his lips surrounded that
delicious breasts, his tongue was able to swirl and lick around
and around as he tasted her delicious flesh.  

     There was no hesitation from his partner, almost instantly
Debbie groaned with true feelings of happiness as she felt David
licking and sucking until that tiny projection became longer and
harder, and began to enter his mouth.  Then after a split
seconds's pause, David raised his head, and quickly transferred
to the other nipple and began the same treatment bringing a gasp
of pleasure from young Debbie as she arched her back upward in an
attempt to press more firmly that nipple into his warm, moist
mouth that was bringing such wonderful pleasure.

     In spite of his desire to continue this, his selfishness
took over, and slowly David began again his slow movement down,
until he kissed the underside of her almost flat breasts, and
then right down the dead center of her chest, down until he
passed her rib cage, and then he felt a sudden dip as his tongue
followed the part into that deep depression of her little belly
button.  Already the young man could detect the short quick
breaths as she began to realize just what he intended to do, and
her normal instincts began to fully take over.  

     "Ohh, he's gonna......  ahhh, I know he going to......!",
she thought as she felt his tongue swirl in and around that deep
dimple, and then she gave a cry of delight when she then felt his
tongue exit her naval, and again begin it's travel downward,
first deep into the "V" of her open jeans.  

     Now David again changed his position, quickly moving
directly between her slightly separated legs, up on his knees,
and she felt him grasp her waistband with both hand. 

     Without any prompting on his part, Debbie voluntarily raised
her hips arching her back, and with almost a sob, she felt him
pull and tug and sure enough, she felt the material of her jeans
sliding, slipping down, down, until it passed the bulge of her
hip bones, and the widest part of her buttocks.

     Then with a very easy movement, David was able to slide
those jeans down, until finally he freed first one leg, and then
the other, and Debbie now lay completely naked as he heard them
hit the pine needles.  

     Debbie then felt each of David's hands grasping her knees,
and applying pressure, forcing them further and further apart. 
She knew that he was soon about to apply the final step, and with
almost a sign of complete surrender, she laid one stretched out
arm over her eyes, raised her knees up about a foot off the
ground, and with her heels on the ground, actually moved her
knees apart to their utmost, to the point it was more than just
uncomfortable, but she knew that David would see this as her
final sign of no resistance.  

     Kneeling as he was between her spread thighs, his face only
inches from her pubic area, David actually saw for the first time
in his life, a woman's vulva relax, and those thick, fat lips
separate and with a groan, he used the thumb and forefinger of
each hand to grasp those lips, and peel them back, to open them,
until he sighed when there he saw only inches from his face, the
very dark pink of her clitoris, as it has been so deeply effected
by his pre love making.  Without a seconds hesitation David
ducked his head down, again separating his lips, and causing his
tongue to again stiffen, he brought that slick instrument between
the moist and deliciously fragrant vaginal lips of his lover, and
starting deep within that crease he pressed his tongue deep, and
then lifted his head upward and ceased just short of touching
that supersensitive clit.  As he again lowered his head into
position, he slipped his tongue into his mouth, tasting for the
first time in his life, the heady, but impulsive odor of Debbie's
sexual organs, which instantly, almost like an electric shock
caused his own sexual organs to jerk, swell in response to the
stimuli.  

     Then David was certainly not the only one to react violently
with his oral stimulation of her vagina.  Almost from the very
first contact of his tongue in the proximity of her clitoris,
Debbie grunted, moaned and her lower body began to jerk, quiver
and buck with passion as she felt that object slip and slide up
and down, and especially as he twisted and turned that object
around and around within the narrow confines of that vagina of
hers.  Bracing her feet against the ground, and reaching down
with both hands, she entwined her fingers deep within his long
curly hair, and pushing her pelvis sharply upward, she pushed
down with her strong arms in an attempt to bury his face as deep
into her as possible.  

     In an effort to prevent her from impeding his breathing,
David was forced to twist his head sideways, but he knew that at
least for awhile, he was not going to stop what he was doing
under any conditions.  The feeling, the taste, and the smell all
combined to act in such a way, he almost felt he would be capable
of an instant climax if he were to simply touch his own penis
right now.  So for as long as he was able to bring out the
delightful response from his partner, and as long as it kept him
in a constant state of arousement, David licked and sucked on
that wonderful pussy, never stopping for more than a second as he
used his tongue to caress and massage every millimeter of it
until he could soon feel the accumulation of a thick, slick
moisture that was building up within her hot loins as her vagina
began to lubricate in anticipation of his lovemaking. 

     Then at the peak of her excitement, Debbie began to shake,
quiver and squeal with delight.  This happened several times, and
David figured she was swiftly approaching her ultimate orgasm,
and knew he was more than ready to begin it with her.  

     Thrusting himself upright momentarily, David almost tore his
shirt loose, flinging it to the ground.  Grabbing his belt, he
unfastened it, popping the snaps of his fly, and scrambling to
his feet, shoved and half tore off his jeans, standing there clad
only in his fig leaf shorts and shoes.  Hooking his thumbs in his
shorts, he pushed down, just as Debbie in her sexual daze opened
her eyes, and looking almost straight up, was amazed to see that
for a split second that bulge seemed to hang up on something, and
then there was a slight popping sound as his cock sprung free,
and being in its present state, it jerked upward snapping against
his flat, hard, but hairy belly.  

     "Ohhh gosh", she gasped, "what have I let myself in for?"
There above her hung the longest, thickest, and hairiest penis
she had ever seen.  It seemed to measure well over 8 inches in
length, and almost as thick as her own wrist.  She recognized it
not having been circumcised, yet the fore skin was pulled back
until that huge spear shaped head almost gleamed like polished
dark pink marble.  Almost a third of its length was heavily
covered with a thatch of hair that all but obscured his scrotum,
making them look like a huge dark, tanned hairy paper bag, able
to contain vast quantities of his life giving juices.  

     Instantly now, David dropped to his knees on the soft pine
needles, and bending well forward, lowered himself onto his left
elbow, using his right hand to grasp his cock, and because of its
rigidness, found it quite difficult to depress it until he could
just feel his cock head brushing against the soft curly pubic
hair of his lovers vagina.  

     "I'll try to be very gentle Debbie", sighed David as he
continued to work that cock head up and down, around in little
circles in his attempt to find the slick opening of her pussy. 
Debbie groaned as she felt vast amounts of warm, exceptionally
slick fluid oozing from his cock head in an effort to
prelubricate her vagina in preparation to his eventual
penetration.  

     "Here David, let me help you", she sighed, and as he was
still suspended above her, she reached down between them with
both her hands, and using her left fingers, she found and
separated the lips of her vagina, relishing in the delight how
warm, wet and lubricated they were.  With her right hand she took
that huge instrument from him, almost being like an electric
shock as she felt the extreme hardness and thickness of it as she
depressed it, raised it, and depressed it in an effort to bring
more and more of his lubricant into action.  Then she found what
she was looking for, and feeling that warm, wet tip lingering in
just the right spot, she whispered softly to David, saying,
"Darling please don't move for a few seconds."  At that time she
made one more super effort to spread her legs, placing her feet
almost up under her own buttocks, and almost super slowly she
gently raised her lower body.  They both sighed as they felt each
other's sexual organs coming in contact with the others.  

     Debbie's breath caught in her throat as she felt the inner
lips of her labia being separated by that cream soaked spear
head, wider, wider, deeper and deeper as she willingly lifted her
lower torso in an effort to accept more and more of it into her. 

     At the same time David cried out with delight as he could
feel the almost torrid, super slick inner lining of her vagina
clinging, grasping the head of his prick, almost causing an
instant climax.  Like he was told, he made no effort to plunge
into her, although right how he had a fantasy of his having a 3
foot penis, and wanted to shove it up to her chest.  He hung
there on his hands and knees like she had asked, and was thankful
a second later.  

     Just as slowly as she had risen to accept him, Debbie gently
lowered herself onto the pine needles, but not fully, permitting
the head of his penis to remain a fraction of an inch into her
love channel.  There were a few moments of hesitation during
which David could feel a fresh reservoir of his pre-cum arrive at
his cock head, slowly oozing out until it almost completely
covered that snake-like head, and he again felt Debbie prepare to
lift herself in an effort to impale herself even more.  

     Not to be outdone, and unable to stop himself, as David
again felt himself penetrating that hot, tight channel, he
relaxed himself, arching his back downward, causing his hips to
depress in such a way that caused his penis to slide into Debbie
further and faster than she had anticipated.  This brought a gasp
of delight from her as she felt the groves, bumps and ridges of
her lover's penis gently massaging deeper and deeper into her
highly aroused love tunnel.

                             ANGEL 
 
     It was time to PARTY on a moon lit Saturday night.  Angel
and her friends were all headed out to the cliffs where they
spent a lot of time getting drunk and having a good time.  Angel
has dirty blonde hair with golden highlights. Definitely a treat
for any guy that would be lucky enough to have her.  On this
night out with her friends she was going to make sure that her
and all her friends had a better time than the normal "drinking"
night. 

     Bridget was driving and Kathy was in the back seat.  They
pulled into the semi-muddy ground next to the high hills.  Angel
went out to the trunk and pulled out the case they had bought and
started cranking Metallica really loud. It was a cool place to
party since no cops ever went out that far north and there was no
civilization for miles around.  Angel wasn't going to go into
details about what she had in store for her two best friends. 
She had it all planned out.  Kathy was nagging Angel to try to
get some information on what she had planned, but she didn't even
give any clues.  Bridget was busy popping open her second beer
and lighting up her cigarette.  There was a bit of nip in the air
since it winter was just ending and the leaves were sort of being
risen from the dead of the long cold winter.  Bridget was talking
about what they all were going to do this summer to live it up to
the fullest.  They were talking about the ocean and going on road
trips here and there.  Angel looked at her watch and it was 8:45. 
She just smiled and kept drinking.. 

     Kathy figured that some people might be stopping over at the
cliffs soon since there are always a good many guys and girls
that get together on Saturday nights.  Bridget saw headlights of
two cars coming up the hill.  They went past them a little and
parked.  She noticed it was a car full of guys and girls -  she
assumed they were couples just parking for a few drinks or
something -.  A  few of the people from the car came over to
Bridget's car and asked them what  was going on later during the
night.  Angel told the people that they had plans and didn't know
of anything.  They all got out of the car and started drinking a
lot more beers and making a few mixed drinks in between.  Angel
finally said that they had better go since they had plans, so
they crushed their last beer can and got in the car. 

     They were all fucked up by this point and Angel started
blabbing.  She went on how she had an appointment with some
people on the other side of the hills. Bridget sort of caught on
and started the car up.  The entire ride over, Angel was saying
that she has been waiting a long time for this to happen.  Kathy
still didn't know what was going on since she was so gone.     As
they pulled around the corner, there was nothing but emptiness. 
Bridget was ragging on Angel for leading them on a wild goose
chase.  Angel just told her to shut up and drink another beer. 
The entire case was almost gone by this time.  Angel looked at
her watch again and it was 8:55.  Angel just sighed and started
looking around.  From the rear window of the car, she saw a car
driving really fast up the road.  It came to a skidding stop
behind them.  Angel ran out of the car and went up to the driver.


     There were three guys in the car.  Kathy thought she had
seen the car once before.  As it turned out, she had seen the car
before.  The three guys were all friends of Angel's and they knew
both Kathy and Bridget.  Joey, Tim, and Randy!  Both Kathy and
Bridget got out of the car with a beer in hand.  The guys had
already gotten out of the car by this time and Joey was frenching
Angel already.  Kathy smiled at Bridget and got all excited at
her friend making out with her other friend Joey.  It was a crazy
scene when Tim and Randy got over to Kathy and Bridget.  Tim
grabbed Kathy and Randy took Bridget.  It was so fucked up, it
almost wasn't real.  It seems that Angel invited their best
friends up to the far side of the cliffs for some fun. 

     Angel was walking hand in hand with Joey up the trunk of the
car.  Out of the trunk, she pulled out three blankets.  It was
perfect..  Too crazy for them all to believe.  No one thought
about anything at the time other than screwing.  Everyone was
drunk, they all had liked each other before and the setting was
perfect.  Angel pulled Joey next to a tree, spread out the
blanket and sat on top of him while kissing.  Tim and Kathy were
already naked and about to fuck at any second.  Bridget was
behind a bush with Randy and no one could see what was going on
back there.  It sounded nice though.. 

     Angel was working on getting Joey out of his tight pants. 
She flipped her top off and started rubbing her cunt all up and
down his chest through her jeans.  She asked him if he wanted her
and he of course replied with a yes. She as very horny and
finished stripping down to bear flesh.  Joey was sucking on
Angel's tit while she was playing with his hard dick.  She placed
it in her hot spot and started to rub it around the outer edges
of her clit.  Joey felt himself being taken inside of her body
and felt the warmth of her hole.  Angel was almost under a trance
as she pounded her body up and down on his hard rod. Joey was
taker her by the hips and guiding her body up and down as she
started to shake with delight.  Angel had an organism and Joey
wanted to switch positions.  He wanted to hold out and enjoy as
much of this as possible.  She got on her knees and then stood on
all fours.  Joey stuck her right between the legs from behind. 
She felt him on the sides of her vaginal walls pushing and
throwing her body into a wild frenzy.  Joey took a good strong
grip on her breasts and made sure he entered her as far as
possible.  She was moaning  louder than ever.  Angel was
muttering for Joey to cum inside her.  Joey went  faster and
faster until he felt like he couldn't hold out any longer.  They 
were totally engrossed in each other so much by the time that
Joey had his  orgasm that the thought of his hot sperm flowing
into her gave Angel another  orgasm. She came as he slowed down
his thrusts. 

     Joey pulled out and a hot stream of cum flowed out of
Angel's cunt.  They both knew they needed more of this in the
future.  They sat under the moon lit sky for several hours until
it was time for them to go home.  Bridget and Kathy appeared from
no where and smiled from ear to ear.  The three got into 
Bridget's car and took off for home after giving their new loves
a kiss good  night.  The entire ride home they talked about their
fun and how they were  going to have more fun and adventures in
the future.  As the dropped off Angel, they thanked her for
making the arrangements.  Angel told them that next  Saturday
night could be another adventure with their old friends and that
she  won't stop until she is fucked to tears!

                       Chores (AKA/MINDY) 

     Mindy sighed, stretched, bringing her arms up over her head
as she lay on the chaise lounge she had set up on the sun deck. 
Looking down at herself, the lovely young woman reflected, that
she sure 'looked just great', being tall, slender, but definitely
well developed as she lay there dressed in her tiny short shorts
and tiny bra, her body gleaming from the sun tan oil she had
liberally applied to her whole body. 

     Her thoughts were temporarily interrupted as she heard Rick,
the local 18 year old youngster who had been taking care of their
lawn; hedges; and odd jobs especially during the long, hot summer
vacations, for several years now.  At the moment he was a few
feet away trimming the hedges, humming to himself as he jived
along with his headset on, listening to some 'weird rock' music,
Mindy figured. "Hmmm", she thought, "guess he's gonna grow up to
be quite cute." 

     And with that she looked a bit closer at the tall slim
youngster, who was almost young enough to be her son.  He
obviously had been out in the sun longer than she, being well
tanned already.  He had removed his T shirt, and except for his
jogging shoes, it appeared that all he was wearing were his
definitely ratty, half torn cut off jean short-shorts, they
looked like he was growing out of them.  

     As he moved along the hedge, the material of them clung to
certain parts of his lower body, and Mindy found it very
interesting to watch how one particular 'fold' seemed to cling
closely to what she could clearly make out as his flaccid cock. 
She thought that later, as an adult, he would certainly be
terrific in that department.  He was just sensational already. 
She noticed that he was well muscled, and 'just yummy' to look
at.  But, "Hell, he's just a kid.", she thought. 

     She must have dozed off, because she awoke, hearing, "Ms.
Smith, Ms Smith, I'm ready to clean out those rain gutters, but
can you help me by holding this old ladder steady for me?" 

     She saw him standing there, shaking her by the shoulder.
Sitting up quickly, she was startled when she felt the hem of her
skimpy bra had slipped, and in fact had almost exposed the entire
nipple of one breast, and poor Rick was looking as it he were
hypnotized by that lovely little morsel.  As she rose from the 
lounge he quickly turned away, but not before she had caught a
long glance at his crotch, and sure enough, what had been a small
bulge, had now grown to something several times larger which was
so prominent that she could see the outline of his swollen cock
head as the foreskin had pulled back.  

     What now surprised her, was that she realized that he was
undoubtedly not wearing any underwear, and if he wasn't careful
she was afraid he was going to accidentally expose himself to
her.    Quickly setting up the ladder, he stepped up several
rungs, and began to throw out some of the leaves that had
accumulated in the trough.  The ladder was shaking badly, and he
asked Mindy to help steady it.  Quickly she stepped up to it from
behind him, and grasped the sides of it, and stopped much of the
shaking.  

     But in this position, she found herself staring almost
directly into Rick's lower buttocks. As she focused her startled
eyes on him, she giggled to herself as she now saw things the
never realized.  "Gosh he's hairy", she thought as her face was
only inches from the back of his upper thighs.  There she saw an
abundance of soft, blondish hair sparkling in the sun.  

     Her eyes followed that sheen higher and yet higher until she
realized that she was now looking up under the material of his
shorts where she saw the crease at the junction of the back of
his thighs, and the rounded globe of his buttocks. "Ooooh shit,
he's definitely not wearing any underwear." and she gasped to
herself as she realized that by twisting her head slightly she
was able to look deep into that dark area between his upper inner
thighs. 

     "Should I?", she thought, and without any hesitation she
moved her head, and yes, there it was.

     Less than 6 inches from her nose she could quite clearly see
that wonderful sack hanging.  And just like his legs, it was
softly coated with a soft sheen of blondish fuzz.  Mindy groaned
momentarily as she realized that in spite of his mere 18 years, 
this Rick was a man, young, but a man in the most important
aspect.  That scrotum was enormous, full and almost at the same
moment as she gasped for air, her lovely nostrils were assailed
by the familiar odor of his manhood, that scent completely devoid
of any artificial perfumes. The combination of his looks and his
body scent was almost too much for the lovely women, and she
gulped and closed her eyes for a moment as she felt a sudden
weakness overcome her, and she was now gripping the ladder more
for her own support.

     "Ms. Smith, Ms. Smith, you OK?", she heard, and as she
attempted to shake the cobwebs from her thinking, she felt the
coarse material of his shorts pressing against her face.  

     Snapping her head erect, she gasped as she realized that she
had slipped forward, burying her face deep into the soft area of
his buttocks, and had remained there for several long moments. 

     Rick had in the meantime attempted to turn around to look at
her, and in doing so, she saw that the physical contact had a
dramatic effect on him. 

     With bold abandonment now, she saw that the physical contact
had caused his half erect cock to swell and enlarge to its
utmost, and sure enough, even as she watched, she saw that bulge
extrude itself from under the hem of his loose shorts.  She
watched that dark purple head slip out into the open, the
foreskin being pulled back, the head swelling larger until a
moment later Rick's cockhead was stretched as tight as a drum
head, and it gleamed in the bright sun light. 

     Quickly Mindy glanced up at the handsome young man's face,
and from the look on it, could tell that he was fully aware at
her feelings, and that there was no further need to 'pretend'. 

     Quickly taking Rick by his hand, she guided him off the
ladder, into the house, and they walked slowly down the hall into
her bedroom. 

     Stopping at the edge of the bed, Mindy slowly kneeled in
front of his slender body, and unfastening the snaps of his fly,
slid those shorts off onto the floor, where he stepped free of
them. Then cupping her hands beneath his fully expanded scrotum,
she lifted them slightly, and with a smile and sigh, she pressed
her face against them, rubbing that long, hard shaft against her
face,  inhaling that delicious sexual odor from his crotch.  With
a welcoming sigh, she began to feel the wet, warmth already
oozing from that large hole at his cock tip as he began to
lubricate.

     Taking Rick in her arms, the lovely woman guided him back
onto her bed, placing him flat on his back.  

     Quickly reaching behind her back, she untied her bra,
freeing those beautiful, fully developed breasts, and leaning
over his chest, she brushed her already hard nipples into the
soft peach fuzz on his chest, moving them back and forth as they
continued to become more and more aroused. Her hands now
unfastened her own short shorts, but in her haste, she stripped
them off and her tiny bikini panties at the same time, now
standing completely naked before her young lover. 

     Kneeling beside Rick, she took gently hold of his semi-hard
cock, and guided it closer, moving her lips until they were
pressing against the now wet tip of that shaft.  Opening her
mouth, she slipped out her tongue, spinning the hot, wet, saliva
coated tip around and around that cock tip, bringing a series of
quick short grunts from Rick as he felt himself swiftly
approaching an unexpected climax.

     Then, once she felt that cock well lubricated, the eager
woman slowly lowered her head, stopping only when her soft, wet
lips were pressing deeply into that soft, fluffy muff of pubic
hair, and she felt the tip of his cock just short of touching the
very back of her throat. 

     "Ohhh,  ahhhhh", sighed Rick, bracing his shoulders and feet
against the soft bed, and arching his back as he thrust upward in
an attempt to enter even deeper into that hot mouth.

     While his very first encounter with oral sex, he knew that
it was bringing him to the immediate edge of exploding deep into
her mouth. 

     Smiling to herself, Mindy recognized the signs of his
ultimate climax, and continuing to work her head back and forth
for only a moment, she then lifted her head, and using the tip of
her long fingernails, she pressed those points just behind her
lover's  cock head and applied more and more pressure until she
felt him drop his body back onto the bed as he felt that
tremendous sexual feeling simply wilt from his groin, replaced by
a complete numbness that totally suppressed any sexual feelings
within him for the moment. 

     In fact, he raised his head, and watched his cock soften up,
and as Mindy again opened her mouth wide, and pressed down
against his cock, he giggled when he saw that in its limpness, it
almost doubled over.  Almost as large as ever, it simply lost its
rigidity.

     Again  Mindy slid it deep, deep into her mouth, and this
time pressed her lips so firmly into that hairy muff, that the
tip of his cock worked partially into her throat, causing her to
gag slightly.  But she kept it there until she became used to it,
and then slowly began to suck, lick and work her head up and
down, again feeling the firmness returning to it.  

     On occasion, now she  would feel large drops of his pre-love
juices oozing from its tip, and she loved the thick, salty taste
as she eagerly drank it up. One more time, she eagerly brought
that cock up to its ultimate, feeling it harden like a polished
piece of wood, and just as the young man's reactions indicated he
was about to cum, she again applied that pressure, and like a
wilting vine, he slowly collapsed back onto the bed.

     "Now Rick, I would like very much if you could  just try to
do something just like this to me", she said, and with that, she
rose and getting onto the bed, she carefully straddled his
slender, youthful body, and while facing his feet, she slowly
eased herself backward, straddling his waist, then his chest, and
finally she stopped as she looked back and saw that she was now
in a position where her pubic area was directly over his handsome
face, and his eyes were focused directly on those full, thick
labia. 

     "That's right Rick," she sighed as she watched the eager
young man reach up with his hands, and gently pry apart those
thick labia until he  could see the wet, gleaming flesh inside,
and she gasped as she felt his earnest, but slightly clumsy
effort as his finger prodded for the entrance to her vagina,
failed and brushed firmly against her sensitive clit, bringing a
little pain at first.

     Quickly she reached down under her own heaving belly, and
grasped his hand, and quickly guided that finger down and back,
sighing as  she now felt it slip up into that tight ring of
flesh, and slide deep into her pussy as he immediately began to
masturbate her with it. 

     "Yes, yes, ohhhh, that's feeling sooo good Rick", she gasped
as she rotated and pumped her pelvis in short, tight circles in
order to cause as much friction within her vagina as she could.
Then slowly and gradually, she bent her hips and knees, steadily
lowering her groin closer and closer to that handsome face, until
she saw that he no longer could keep his hand between them, and
removing it, she moved the last few inches until she felt her fat
labia brushing against his soft mouth, and felt his warm breath
as he exhaled onto her flesh.

     In spite of this being his first time, Rick instinctfully
opened his mouth, and moving his face back and forth, pressed his
mouth deep into that opening, and using his mouth to press her
labia wider apart, he then slipped the tip of his tongue out of
his mouth, and as the taste and scent of her inner vagina struck
his mouth, he groaned and felt his cock actually spasming even
though nothing was touching it.  It jerked upright, and then fell
limply and wetly back onto his hard, flat belly, rising again and
leaving behind a long silvery trail of sperm behind, connection
that cock to his belly. 

     Mindy in the meantime was tossing her head back and forth,
staring blindly at the ceiling as she began churning her buttocks
up and down as that tongue now began to skillfully tongue fuck
her pussy, stabbing deep into that love tunnel, while slipping up
and licking ever so close to her totally aroused clit.  She was
in heaven now as she fucked herself on that wet, hot tongue,
feeling herself swiftly  approaching her ultimate orgasm. 

     Knowing the staying power Rick was probably capable of, she
knew that she would have to bring herself right to the brink of
her climax before she finally seduced this young, fantastic
lover, so she only occasionally touched that cock, only enough to
ascertain that it remained hard, and ready for the final thrust.
By now her buttocks were flailing around so violently, that Rick
had a great deal of difficulty trying to maintain his contact
deep within that clit area, and he wrapped both arms up around
Mindy's thighs in an attempt to steady themselves. 

     Even with his inexperience, the young man could feel how her
inner muscular system was working, her pussy muscles clinching
and grabbing at his tongue, actually sucking it out of his own
mouth as she was now constantly convulsing, on the very brink.

     "OOOOOOHHHHH, Rick, now is the time, Now is the Time.  NOW,
NOW." the young woman wailed, and quickly scrambling to her hands
and knees again, moved to the edge of the bed, quickly rolled
over onto her back so that her buttocks were right on the edge of
the firm mattress, and raising her legs and wrapping her arms
around them under her knees, she directed Rick to stand on the
floor immediately behind her buttocks, which he did, grasping his
super hard cock, and arching his back, he twisted his head so
that as Mindy now widened her legs more and more, he was able to
easily see the fleshy opening to her vagina, and quite easily he
brought his own cock head right up to that entrance where without
a moments hesitation, he pressed forward, easing that shaft into
her, inch after inch, pushing hard at the slightest resistance
until with a 'Oafff' he felt his hard, firm belly now pushing
against the back of Mindy's raised thighs, and with a groan the
young woman felt that thick cock head only a fraction of an inch
from her womb.  She now had pulled her legs apart to the utmost,
until they were almost laying beside her on the mattress, and
quicky Rick lowered his upper body down over hers until he was
able to bring his own breasts and nipples down against Mindy's
and while he attempted to concentrate on fucking that cock in and
out of her seething pussy, he also tried to brush that delicate
peach fuzz covered chest across her nipples bringing them into a
hot blaze. Instantly Mindy forced one hand between their bodies,
and her long index finger found the top of her slit, and began
massaging her own clit, smashing, twisting it until she thought
it was soon to explode.

     She could feel it swell up to the point that it could no
longer remain contained within the protection of her labia and in
fact was sticking out like a tiny penis receiving full contact of
both her finger, and that hairy muff of Rick's pubic area. They
had each reached the point where they were almost totally unaware
of the other's presence, except that Rick could feel the constant
vibration of her convulsing vagina as she entered her multiple
orgasms.

     He groaned, feeling like he was hooked up to some sort of a
milking machine, as that pussy clenched tightly around his cock,
squeezing, plying, sucking on the whole length, but especially
around the super sensitive head causing a now constant oozing of
his juices to flow from its tip.

     At this same time, Mindy was churning, twisting her body
uncontrollably as she felt that shaft  massaging her insides to
the point she was actually losing control of her muscular
systems, as she twisted to impale herself to the utmost on that
shaft and bring about her sexual explosion. And she was the first
to cum.  And cum,  she did.  She felt a sudden spasm hit her
loins, and recognized the signs of the first orgasm, terrific,
long lasting as she shrieked with delight, arched her back and
thrust her groin hard against her lover, forcing that cock to the
hilt into her.

     Then slowly, gradually she relaxed, feeling somewhat
relieved, but again she felt that sensation increase, this time
higher, deeper, and she cried hoarsely with delight as she felt
the second orgasm strike her.  Again the feeling descended like a
floating feather, only to be caught in yet another wind, and to
rise even to greater heights. 

     How many times she came, she lost track of.  But never could
she remember so many, and such fulfilling orgasms. All of a
sudden she felt herself, so tensed up, that in self defense, she
collapsed, like a wet noodle, falling flat on the bed, her head
turning to one side, her mouth wide open as she panted for air,
her body now soaked, gleaming in its wetness as her eyes stared
blankly at the wall, and then they closed as she literally
slipped into semi-unconsciousness. 

     By now, Rick had moved down until he was totally laying on
top of his lover, his hips waling and smashing against her,
feeling his cock rasping and grinding against that hot flesh,
occasionally his cock actually falling out of her pussy, only
causing him to raise his ass enough, and to guide that cock back
into her, and away he would fuck again, harder and faster. 

     Then it happened.  He felt that hot, sweet feeling as his
inner loins trembled, and he felt the delight as his thick, hot
juices started gushing, and flowing towards the head of that cock
where it paused momentarily, and then as the tip opened, like the
pressure of a fire hose, that fluid burst out, spraying deeply
into her vagina. Instantly Rick locked himself against her body,
their belly's glued together, while he froze still, feeling that
hot sperm gushing out, filling that channel, surrounding his cock
in the bath of his own juices. For over a minute he lay there
until he regained some strength, and as the final drops continued
to ooze out into her, he slowly and futilely attempted to begin
fucking again, but simply did not have the strength to do it.  

     He managed a few weak attempts, and with a final groan, fell
limply on top of her, and with his last breath, he sprawled over
onto his side, startled at the slight, wet popping sound as his
cock pulled free from her drenched pussy. With a gently smile,
Mindy turned to him, placed a weak kiss on his lips, and said,
"Thank you very very much Rick.  You were really wonderful." And
with that they dozed off into a well needed nap. 
               The End

                Desire's Adventure  by Appolonia
Kotero 
 
     Desire(pronounced dez-er-ray) O'Neil was her name.   She was
the sexiest woman that Michael had ever seen.  Michael clearly 
sensed her loveliness across the room. Her cascading brown hair,
her beautiful face, her wonderful red dress that clung to her
entire voluptuous body, and her chocolate colored skin all came
together to make up an resistible creature. 

     Desire had been watching Michael across the room all night. 
She imagined his deep-brown chest clung to her naked breasts and
him  kissing her all over her body.  She winked at him across the
room.

     Pushing his way through all of the people, Michael found his
way across the room.  Because of the loud party music Michael had
to shout in her ear," How would you like to come to my place
after the party?"

     "Sure," said Desire,"How about now?"

     "O.K."

     In the car both Michael and Desire were anticipating what
was about to occur.  Michael pulled up to his apartment complex. 
They got out of his car and then entered his apartment.  "How
quaint.",Desire thought to herself.  Michael left Desire on the
couch and went into the other room.  Desire heard mumbling.  When
Michael came out, she asked him about it.  He told her that she
must be hearing things.  She believed him since she had quite a
few drinks at the party.

     Michael looked deeper into her brown eyes.  "You're 
beautiful."

     "Thank you."

     "Would you like to watch a movie?"

     "Sure."

     Michael inserted the movie in the machine and returned to
the couch.  He kissed her gently.  She loved his manly scent.  It
was  getting her really horny.  She could feel her underwear
getting  wet.  He kissed her harder and caressed her body.  She
began to notice that this hum-drum movie gradually had turned in
to a porno flick!  She had sex many times and enjoyed it but
never really watched porno movies or tried anything too kinky. 
She observed the woman on the screen sucking dick.  She wondered
how on earth she fitted the man's dick in her mouth.  It looked
interesting to her.  The man in the movie began fucking the woman
real hard and fast.  The man's dick was incredibly large but
somehow he managed to get all 10 inches of it inside of her. 
Desire was getting really turned on and Michael knew it.  Then
two other men joined in, one sucking her tit and the other
receiving a blow job.   Michael whispered, "Are you enjoying the
movie?"

     "Yes.",said Desire who was getting very wet.

     The woman's multiple orgasms caused her to pant
involuntarily.  "Would you like to be in her place getting all of
that attention?",said Michael.

     "Yes.", Desire said hypnotically.

     Michael pealed off her dress.  He sucked and teased her
brown nipples as they stood at attention.  He felt the springy
pubic hair.  She wanted him to feel her clit so bad.  She reached
for his crotch.  He stopped her and got up.  He told her to go to
the bedroom and remove everything else, lay down in the bed and
wait for him.  She did as he asked.  She couldn't wait to have
that black piece of meat in her pussy.  In and out, in and  out. 
Oh how she wanted and needed it bad.  He entered the room naked
and when she saw his twelve incher she was on the brink of an
orgasm.  She lay still in the bed as he crawled on top of her
like a savage beast.  He stalked his prey.  He licked her nipples
wildly and found his way down to her springy triangle.  He licked
the juices of her purple pussy like a crazed man.  She climaxed
immediately.  She now was dying for that twelve-inch love muscle. 
She spread her legs wide.  He gradually entered her warm pussy. 
He pumped her in a rythmn.  It felt so good to her.  After each
thrust he would say a word that finally formed a
sentence."Close--ugh--your--ooh--eyes---ah---I---have---a--gifttt
t--ah--ah-for---yooooooou."  She closed for eyes then she felt a
man sucking her tits and some skin touching her mouth.

     It was just like in the movie!!!  He had been talking to
someone.  She took the cock slowly in her mouth since it was her
first  blow job.   Was this heaven or was this heaven?  They all
changed position so one man was in her ass, Michael's twelve inches
in her pussy and the other remained in her mouth.   Her eyes rolled
back in her head as she had her next orgasm and  simultaneously the
cock in her mouth exploded.  She swallowed every drop.  He then
played with her tits awaiting for Michael and the other guy to cum. 
She let them pump till their hearts content.  It was earth
shattering.  They had timed it while one cock was going in, the
other would be going out.  Finally they both climaxed as she had
her final and biggest orgasm.  She felt the sperm oozing out both
her ass and pussy.  The other two guys left.

     She and Michael took a warm shower together.  Michael's shaft
was erect again!  She sucked on his cock with confidence.  She
wanted to fit it deep in to her throat.  Realizing it as being
impossible she came back to her feet and let him fuck her one last
time before they retired to his bed where both Desire and Michael,
bodies intertwined, fell into a deep pleasureful slumber.

               Caramel and Chocolate by Appolonia
Kotero 

                    Caramel and Chocolate I 
 
     It was a hot day in August.  Rex and his girlfriend Violet
were at on a large remote rock in Rock Creek Park picnicking.  They
ate quickly because of their intense hunger.

     Violet was a beautiful girl.  She had light brown hair which 
fell softly around here beautiful face.  Her hazel eyes lit up as
she gazed at Rex.  Her black leather dress hugged her large breasts
and her sexy hips.  The deep slit of the dress showed her  lovely
caramel legs and slightly showed her vulumptuous hips.  Rex  was
getting excited.

     Rex was a nicely built man.  His faded blue jeans and matching
jacket suited his muscular build.  Everytime Violet was  around
Rex, she was in heaven.   His dark brown eyes were gorgeous.  She
loved his wavy jetblack hair and dark brown skin.  Just like a rich
piece of chocolate, delicious.

     Rex and Violet sat there near the mini waterfall listening to
the water furiously hit the rocks.  They gazed into each others'
eyes not speaking.  Words were not necessary because they both knew
what they wanted.  Violet was hungry for chocolate and  Rex was
hungry for caramel.

     As Rex softly stroked Violet's calf she closed her eyes.  She
moved closer to him.  They were both sitting on the ground on a
blanket.  Rex kissed Violet slowly but demanding.  Violet pressed
her breasts against Rex's massive chest, closer and closer until
they both formed a ball of hot and sweaty passion.  Rex gently laid
Violet down on the blanket.  He kissed her sweet caramel neck. 
She WAS delicious.  He unzipped her tight dress and brought his
mouth to her ample breasts.  He sucked hungrily.  Violet moaned in
pleasure.  She involuntarily reached for his throbbing cock because
of her intense pleasure.  Within seconds her dress and lace panties
were balled up at the foot of the blanket.  She madly ripped off
Rex's clothes.  She pulled him so close to her that their hot flesh
stuck together.

     Rex entered her gently.  She gasped in Rex's ear, it sent
chills through her body.  Rex pumped her slowly in a rhythm.  The
cold breeze felt good on Rex's buttocks.  Violet moaned with each
pelvic thrust.   She was in paradise.   Oh how she did love
chocolate.  It tasted so sweet.  Rex pumped her until she exploded. 
Rex then came.  They folded the blanket over  their unclothed 
intertwined bodies and looked up at the clear blue skies and the
soaring birds which occasionally landed on one of the beautiful
oak trees.  Rex looked deeply in to Violet's eyes and said, "Ilove
you."

     "I love you too.", Violet said before she kissed Rex.

     "I want some more chocolate, Rex."

     "What's mine is yours.", said Rex.

     Violet kissed Rex's mahogany chest softly.  She then worked
her way down to his fuzzy navel.  Rex's body lifted in pleasure. 
She put her wet tongue in his navel while he stroked her soft hair. 
She then took his erect shaft in her mouth and sucked hungrily. 
Her circular motions and intense suction no longer permitted Rex
to hold in his feelings of ecstasy.  He was a wolf howling at the
moon.  They did not notice that Rex's best friend Marcus was hiding
behind the bushes videotaping the whole event!

     Before Rex had the opportunity to cum, Violet crawled on top
of him, expertly inserting his Moby inside of her.  She rode him 
wildly until they both came simultaneously.  Then Marcus jumped out
of the bushes with his video camera and Rex and Violet grabbed
their belongings and ran quickly to the car.

        (Tune in next week for Part II and find out what Marcus does
with the video tape.)

                    Caramel and Chocolate II 

     The sun shone brilliantly through the bedroom window awaking
Violet.  She looked over at Rex who was sound asleep.  His 
uncovered naked body was half under the blanket but Violet could
still see his huge erection.  He began making slight pelvic 
thrusts while mumbling, "Oh Violet, emmmmmmmmmm."  Violet quietly 
moaned as she thought of how Rex had fulfilled her every wish the
previous evening.  She got out of the bed putting on his robe which
hung on the back of the bedroom door and headed for the kitchen. 
Violet began making coffee and it wasn't long before she heard Rex
out of bed.  While he showered she began setting the  table for
breakfast.  Rex appeared in the kitchen only in his robe and
slippers.  He came over to Violet who was flipping pancakes  and
said, "Good Morning, honey." as he patted gently on the ass.

     "You were having a rather erotic dream this morning, weren't
you?" she said as she served their plates and they sat down.

     "That's what you do to me, Violet.  You really get me
excited."

     Violet didn't respond.  She remained silent throughout the
breakfast.  After they finished eating, she then cleared the table
and placed the dishes in the sink.  While she was washing the
dishes, Rex came over to her.  He lifted up the robe she wore and
began fondling her buttocks while he kissed her neck.  She
continued washing dishes even though he had raised up his robe and
stroked her bare ass with his dick.  "Come on, Violet.", he
whispered before nibbling on her ear.  She began pulling away and
putting the clean dishes in the cabinets.  She still had not
spoken.  When she finished she went to the bedroom to make the bed
because she knew that Rex hadn't made it.  Rex followed her
hypnotically in the bedroom hungry for what existed between her
delicious caramel legs.  She straightened the bed sheets and
fluffed the pillows.  Rex took off his robe and closed the door. 
As she bent over to get the comforter which had fallen on the floor
he pushed his massive dick against her clothed ass and threw her
playfully on the bed.  He turned her over and kissed her wildly
pushing her robe up.  Rex searched awkwardly for her love canal
with his large fingers.

     "No!!!", she exclaimed.

     "What's wrong, sweetheart....Is it something that I have
done?"  Silence............Rex  looked deeply into her lovely hazel
eyes.  She looked up at Rex's handsome chocolate face.

     "I'm scared."

     "Of what?"

     "What Marcus might do with that video tape of us making love."


     "Honey, there is nothing to be worried about.  He is my best
friend and we are always playing practical jokes on each other. 
  I am sure he will call me today laughing about it and after he
shows me the video tape at his house, then he'll give it to me."

     "Are you sure?"

     "Leave it up to me, baby.  Trust me?"

     "O.K.  If you are that certain."

     Then Rex quickly undid the robe which she wore.  He then began
nibbling away at his delicious piece of caramel.  He began at her
neck working his way downward.  Her tasty nipples were a deep rich
caramel.  Rex ate hungrily.  He licked her stomach so lightly that
it sent chills of ecstasy through her vulumptuous body.  She
caressed Rex's black hair as he moved lower and lower. 

     "Yes, Rex.  Yes, yes, yes....", she softly whispered.  He
licked her clitoris harder and harder as she moaned louder and
louder.  "Yes, Rex.  Oh, OH, OHHHHHHHHHH!", He licked her to orgasm
and her vagina began to contract.  Her shiny hole looked so
inviting and delicious that Rex could not resist.  Her juices had
already begun to come out of her vagina and Rex tasted them with
delight.  Oh yes, Caramel was rather delicious indeed.  Rex made
her cum so  much that she lost count and stopped only when his
tongue became tired.  Sleep quickly fell upon Violet.  "She is such
a beautiful creature.", Rex thought to himself.  Rex leaned over
and kissed her on the forehead.  He then covered his Caramel
Delight with the comforter and left the bedroom to call Marcus.


